The Project Gutenberg eBook of Catalogue of the dipterous insects
collected at Singapore and Malacca, by A. R.  Wallace

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States, you
will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before
using this eBook.

Title: Catalogue of the dipterous insects collected at Singapore and
       Malacca
       by Mr. A. R. Wallace, with descriptions of new species

Author: Francis  Walker

Contributor: A. R.  Wallace

Release Date: June 4, 2023 [eBook #70907]

Language: English

Produced by: Richard Tonsing and the Online Distributed Proofreading
             Team at https://www.pgdp.net (This file was produced from
             images generously made available by The Internet Archive)

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK CATALOGUE OF THE DIPTEROUS
INSECTS COLLECTED AT SINGAPORE AND MALACCA ***





                               CATALOGUE
                                 OF THE
                           DIPTEROUS INSECTS
                              COLLECTED AT
              SINGAPORE AND MALACCA BY MR. A. R. WALLACE,
                                  WITH
                      DESCRIPTIONS OF NEW SPECIES.


                    BY FRANCIS WALKER, ESQ., F.L.S.


 [_From the_ JOURNAL _of the_ PROCEEDINGS _of the_ LINNEAN SOCIETY _of_
                          LONDON, March 1856.]




Catalogue of the Dipterous Insects collected at Singapore and Malacca by
Mr. A. R. WALLACE, with Descriptions of New Species. By FRANCIS WALKER,
Esq., F.L.S.

                       [Read January 15th, 1856.]


Mr. A. R. Wallace, so well known for his natural-history researches in
the valley of the Amazons, and for the extensive and valuable
collections sent home by him from that portion of South America, has now
turned his attention to the eastern world, and is actively investigating
the natural history of the East Indian Islands, after having spent some
months on the Malay Peninsula. A large portion of Mr. Wallace’s
entomological collections pass into my hands, and being desirous of
making his labours scientifically useful, I have requested Mr. F.
Walker, who has such an intimate knowledge of the insects belonging to
the order _Diptera_, to draw up the following catalogue of the dipterous
insects discovered by Mr. Wallace at Singapore and Malacca. My object in
so doing is to establish a kind of starting-point for tracing hereafter,
when all Mr. Wallace’s collections shall have come to hand, the
geographical distribution of the _Diptera_ in the very interesting
portion of the globe which Mr. Wallace is now investigating with such
indefatigable zeal. Singapore and Malacca, at the extremity of the Malay
Peninsula, are well placed for carrying out the purpose I have in view,
being in connexion northwards through the Burman Empire with the
expanded continent of Asia, and southwards in close approximation with
that archipelago of splendid islands which run in a chain to the north
coast of Australia, and send off a branch northwards through the
Philippine Islands to the coast of China, touching there again the
mainland of Asia. The present catalogue will be followed very shortly by
one detailing the species of _Diptera_ discovered in Borneo, the
materials for which are now nearly all in this country, and other
catalogues will follow until Mr. Wallace’s discoveries in the _Diptera_
are exhausted. That Mr. Wallace will be able to visit all the islands of
the Indian Archipelago is not to be expected; but still, his plan of
exploring those which have been but little examined in a natural-history
point of view, will open up a large amount of information, which, when
combined with the labours of other naturalists who have been working in
the same districts, will give sufficient facts for laying down some laws
on the geographical distribution of the insects belonging to the Order
which forms the subject of the following catalogue. The specimens
collected at Singapore and Malacca were taken during the six months
commencing with May and terminating with October. Where the altitude of
the locality above the level of the sea of any species is known, this
will be found noted in the proper place. Figures will be given to
illustrate new genera or any very remarkable species.

                                                WILLIAM WILSON SAUNDERS.

  14th January, 1856.




                       Fam. BIBIONIDÆ, _Haliday_.


                      Gen. PLECIA, _Hoffmansegg_.

  1. PLECIA DORSALIS, n. s., mas et fœm. Atra, thorace rufo, alis
    nigricantibus.

  _Male and female._ Deep black. Thorax bright pale red. Wings blackish.
    Length of the body 2½–3½ lines; of the wings 7–8 lines.

  The totally red thorax of this species distinguishes it from _P.
    fulvicollis_, Wied., and from _P. ignicollis_, Walk.

  Singapore and Mount Ophir.




                       Fam. CULICIDÆ, _Haliday_.


                          Gen. CULEX, _Linn._

  2. Culex splendens, _Wied. Auss. Zweifl._ i. 3. 3.

  Singapore. Inhabits also Java.

  3. Culex fuscanus, _Wied. Auss. Zweifl._ i. 6. 9.

  Malacca. Inhabits also Hindostan.

  4. CULEX ANNULIPES, n. s., fœm. Obscurè fuscus, thoracis abdominisque
    lateribus albo-punctatis, pedibus albo-cinctis, alis sublimpidis
    venis fusco-ciliatis.

  _Female._ Dark brown. Sides of the thorax and of the abdomen with
    minute white dots. Legs with numerous white bands. Wings nearly
    limpid; veins brown, ciliated. Length of the body 2½ lines; of the
    wings 4 lines.

  Singapore. (Jungle.)




                             Fam. TIPULIDÆ


                        Gen. LIMNOBIA, _Meigen_.


              Div. I. _Meig. Zweifl._ i. 131. pl. 5. f. 5.

  5. LIMNOBIA LEUCOTELUS, n. s., mas. Atra, alis nigricantibus, maculâ
    discali limpidâ, margine postico subcinereo, apice albo.

  _Male._ Deep black. Wings blackish, with a discal limpid spot;
    posterior border slightly greyish for rather more than half the
    length from the base; tips white. Length of the body 6 lines; of the
    wings 12 lines.

  Singapore.

  6. LIMNOBIA PLECIOIDES, n. s., fœm. Atra, thorace pallidè rufo, alis
    nigricantibus.

  _Female._ Deep black. Thorax pale red. Wings blackish. Length of the
    body 7 lines; of the wings 12 lines.

  Singapore.


              Div. L. _Meig. Zweifl._ i. 132. pl. 5. f. 4.

The structure of the wing-veins in the above division is almost, but not
quite, identical with that of the following species.

  7. LIMNOBIA DICHROA, n. s., fœm. Atra, antennis ferrugineis basi
    apiceque nigris, abdomine luteo, basi fasciâque latissimâ posticâ
    nigris, pedibus testaceis, femoribus tibiisque apice tarsisque
    nigris, alis fuscescentibus costâ testaceâ.

  _Female._ Deep black. Antennæ ferruginous, black at the base and at
    the tips. Abdomen luteous, black at the base and with a very broad
    black band beyond the middle. Legs testaceous; tarsi and tips of the
    femora and of the tibiæ black. Wings brownish, testaceous at the
    base and along the costa. Length of the body 9 lines; of the wings
    16 lines.

  Mount Ophir.


                        Gen. CTENOPHORA, _Fabr._

  8. CTENOPHORA CHRYSOPHILA, n. s., fœm. Lutea, abdominis apice nigro,
    pedibus pallidè luteis, femoribus apice tibiis tarsisque nigris,
    alis flavescentibus apice nigris margine postico interruptè
    nigricante.

  _Female._ Bright luteous. Abdomen black towards the tip. Legs pale
    luteous; tibiæ, tarsi, and tips of the femora black. Wings
    yellowish, black towards the tips, irregularly and interruptedly
    blackish along the posterior border. Length of the body 8 lines; of
    the wings 16 lines.

  Singapore.




                      Fam. STRATIOMIDÆ, _Haliday_.


                        Gen. PTILOCERA, _Wied._

  9. Ptilocera quadridentata, _Fabr. Syst. Antl._ 86. 33. (Stratiomys.)

  Malacca and Singapore. Inhabits also Java, Sumatra, and the Philippine
    Islands.


                      Gen. STRATIOMYS, _Geoffroy_.

  10. Stratiomys Lutatius, _Walk. Cat. Dipt._ pt. 3. 532.

  Malacca.


                      Gen. CLITELLARIA, _Meigen_.

  11. Clitellaria bivittata, _Fabr. Syst. Antl._ 79. 5. (Stratiomys.)

  Singapore. Inhabits also Java and Sumatra.


  12. Clitellaria varia, _Walk. Cat. Dipt._ 2nd Ser. pt. 1. 63.

  Malacca. Inhabits also Java.


  13. CLITELLARIA FLAVICEPS, n. s., fœm. Nigra, capite flavo, thorace
    cinereo trivittato, scutello bispinoso, abdomine purpureo-cyaneo,
    alis cinereis apud costam nigricantibus.

  _Female._ Black. Head pale yellow. Antennæ a little shorter than the
    thorax. Thorax a little narrower in front, with three grey stripes.
    Scutellum with two stout spines. Abdomen purplish-blue; disk beneath
    hoary. Wings dark grey, blackish along the costa; veins black.
    Halteres whitish. _Var._ β. Smaller. Spines of the scutellum and
    tarsi whitish, with black tips. Length of the body 2½–3½ lines; of
    the wings 5–7 lines.

  Singapore.


                     Gen. CYCLOGASTER, _Macquart_.

  14. CYCLOGASTER RADIANS, n. s., fœm. Nigra, capite nitido, antennis
    fulvis aristâ albidâ, thorace cinereo radiis quinque nigris,
    abdomine subrotundo, tarsis albidis, alis cinereis.

  _Female._ Black, rather broad. Head shining. Antennæ tawny, with a
    pubescent white arista which is as long as the preceding part.
    Thorax cinereous, with five black rays, three in front and one on
    each side. Scutellum obconical, prominent. Abdomen nearly round,
    cinereous, with three rows of black spots. Knees and the adjoining
    part tawny; tarsi whitish. Wings limpid; veins testaceous. Halteres
    whitish. Length of the body 3 lines; of the wings 5 lines.

  Singapore.


                     Gen. PHYLLOPHORA, _Macquart_.

  15. PHYLLOPHORA ANGUSTA, n. s., mas. Nigra, angusta, sublinearis,
    antennis setaceis basi fulvis, thorace producto cinereo-bivittato,
    pedibus testaceis, femoribus posterioribus suprà piceis, alis
    cinereis, venis halteribusque fuscis.

  _Male._ Black, narrow, nearly linear. Antennæ setaceous, tawny towards
    the base, a little longer than the head. Thorax elongated, with two
    cinereous stripes. Scutellum with four very minute spines. Abdomen
    hardly broader and not longer than the thorax. Legs testaceous;
    posterior femora piceous above. Wings cinereous; veins and halteres
    brown. Length of the body 2½ lines; of the wings 4½ lines.

  Singapore.


                         Gen. EUDMETA, _Wied._

  16. Eudmeta marginata, _Fabr. Syst. Antl._ 63. 3. (Hermetia.)

  Singapore. Inhabits also Java, Sumatra, and Hindostan.


               Gen. MASSICYTA, n. g. (_Plate I. fig. 1._)

  _Corpus_ longiusculum, sat angustum. _Caput_ transversum, breve,
    thorace vix latius. _Antennæ_ graciles, thorace paullò breviores;
    articulus 1^{us} linearis; 2^{us} longi-fusiformis, 1^o vix longior;
    3^{us} acuminatus, minimus. _Thorax_ longi-ellipticus. _Abdomen_
    obclavatum, subpetiolatum, thorace plus duplò longius. _Pedes_
    graciles. _Alæ_ elongatæ, sat angustæ.

  Body rather long and narrow. Head transverse, short, very little
    broader than the thorax. Antennæ slender, a little shorter than the
    thorax; 1st joint linear; 2nd elongate fusiform, very little longer
    than the 1st; 3rd acuminated, very minute. Thorax elongate
    elliptical. Abdomen obclavate, subpetiolated, a little more than
    twice the length of the thorax. Legs slender. Wings rather long and
    narrow; mediastinal, subcostal, radial and cubital veins, and median
    veinlet of the usual structure; 1st, 2nd and 4th externo-medial
    veins complete; 3rd abbreviated; subanal joining the anal at some
    distance from the border; discal areolet irregularly hexagonal,
    elongated, narrower towards the tip of the wing.


  17. MASSICYTA BICOLOR, n. s., fœm. Nigra, antennis basi testaceis
    apice albis, pectore scutelloque flavis, illo nigro bimaculato,
    abdomine testaceo fasciato, pedibus flavis, femoribus anterioribus
    tibiisque posticis fusco fasciatis, femoribus posticis nigris, alis
    cinereis, apud costam subluridis.

  _Female._ Black, shining, with testaceous pubescence. Mouth
    testaceous. Antennæ testaceous towards the base, white at the tips.
    Pectus and scutellum yellow, the former with a large black spot on
    each side. Abdomen with testaceous bands. Legs yellow; hind femora
    black; anterior femora and hind tibiæ with brown bands. Wings grey,
    with a slight lurid tinge along the costa; veins black. Halteres
    pale yellow. Length of the body 6–7 lines; of the wings 10–12 lines.

  Singapore.


                          Gen. SARGUS, _Fabr._

  18. Sargus longipennis, _Wied. Auss. Zweifl._ ii. 34. 11.

  Malacca. Inhabits also Java.


  19. SARGUS LURIDUS, n. s., mas. Ferrugineus, capite pectoreque
    testaceis, antennis fulvis, abdominis segmentis testaceo-fasciatis,
    apice nigro, pedibus testaceis, tibiis posticis apice nigris, tarsis
    posticis nigris apice albidis, alis luridis apice fuscis.

  _Male._ Ferruginous. Head and pectus testaceous. Antennæ tawny.
    Abdomen black towards the tip; a testaceous band on the hind border
    of each segment. Legs testaceous; hind tibiæ black towards the tips;
    hind tarsi black, with whitish tips. Wings lurid, brown towards the
    tips; veins brown. Halteres testaceous. Length of the body 7 lines;
    of the wings 14 lines.

  Singapore.




                        Fam. TABANIDÆ, _Leach_.


                         Gen. TABANUS, _Linn._

  20. Tabanus univentris, _Walk. Cat. Dipt._ pt. 1. 151.

The description in the above reference will not well apply to the two
following varieties of this species.

  _Var. 1._ _Female._ Brown. Head testaceous in front and beneath.
    Thorax with two testaceous stripes. Abdomen ferruginous, tawny
    beneath and with a dorsal stripe of tawny triangular spots. Legs
    blackish; femora and tibiæ partly testaceous. Wings dark grey.—_Var.
    2._ Like Var. 1. Abdomen blackish above, with a dorsal stripe of
    testaceous spots.

  Mount Ophir. Inhabits also Borneo.


  21. TABANUS PARTITUS, n. s., fœm. Nigricans, subtùs albidus, antennis
    fulvis apice nigris, thorace cinerascente cano-quadrivittato,
    abdomine piceo albido-trivittato, pedibus testaceis, femoribus
    tibiisque apice tarsisque nigricantibus, alis subcinereis.

  _Female._ Blackish; underside and head behind with whitish tomentum.
    Antennæ dull tawny, black towards the tips; angle of the 3rd joint
    minute and obtuse. Thorax greyish, with four hoary stripes. Abdomen
    piceous, with three whitish stripes. Legs testaceous; tarsi and tips
    of the femora and of the tibiæ blackish. Wings greyish, stigma and
    veins black; fore branch of the cubital vein simple, nearly
    straight. Length of the body 6 lines; of the wings 10 lines.

  Singapore.

_Note._—_T. rubidus_, Wied., is very closely allied to the above
species, but may be distinguished from it by the following characters.

  _T. rubidus._ Front with the callus quite entire. Antennæ blackish.
    Middle stripe of the abdomen composed of triangular spots. Wings
    greyish.

  _T. partitus._ Smaller. Front with the callus almost interrupted.
    Antennæ pale tawny, with darker tips. Middle stripe of the abdomen
    entire, parallel. Wings quite limpid.


                        Gen. CHRYSOPS, _Meigen_.

  22. Chrysops dispar, _Fabr. Syst. Antl._ 112. 5.

  Mount Ophir and Malacca. Inhabits also Hindostan and Java.




                         Fam. ASILIDÆ, _Leach_.


                     Subfam. DASYPOGONITES, _Walk._


                     Gen. DISCOCEPHALA, _Macquart_.

  23. DISCOCEPHALA DORSALIS, n. s., fœm. Nigricans, thorace subgibboso,
    lateribus pectoreque testaceis, pedibus posticis longiusculis sat
    validis, tibiis posticis subarcuatis, alis subcinereis apice
    obscurioribus.

  _Female._ Blackish. Thorax somewhat gibbous; sides and pectus
    testaceous. Hind legs rather long and stout; hind tibiæ somewhat
    curved. Wings greyish, rather darker at the tips; veins black.
    Length of the body 5 lines; of the wings 12 lines.

  Malacca.


                       Subfam. LAPHRITES, _Walk._


                         Gen. LAPHRIA, _Fabr._

  24. Laphria Reinwardtii, _Wied. Auss. Zweifl._ i. 503. 7.

  Malacca. Inhabits also Java and Sumatra.


  25. LAPHRIA NOTABILIS, n. s., mas et fœm. Nigra, capite thoracisque
    maculis quatuor transversis lateralibus auratis aut albis, abdominis
    lateribus albomaculatis, pedibus pallidè flavis aut albis, femoribus
    tibiisque apice tarsisque nigris, alis fuscis basim versus
    sublimpidis.

  _Male and Female._ Black. Head with pale gilded or white tomentum.
    Face convex towards the epistoma. Mystax with a few black bristles.
    Proboscis straight, porrect, linear. Third joint of the antennæ
    slender, linear, about twice the length of the 1st and 2nd together.
    Thorax with two transverse marks on each side of gilded or white
    tomentum; scutellum, sides of the hind part of the thorax, and spots
    on the pectus of the same hue. Segments of the abdomen with a white
    spot and a few black setæ on each side. Legs pale yellow or white,
    with hairs of the same hue and with a few black setæ; coxæ, tarsi,
    and tips of the femora and of the tibiæ black. Wings dark brown,
    almost limpid towards the base which is brown. Halteres pale yellow
    or whitish. Length of the body 7–9 lines; of the wings 14–18 lines.

  Malacca and Mount Ophir.


  26. Laphria Vulcanus, _Wied. Auss. Zweifl._ i. 514. 25.

  Malacca. Inhabits also Java.


  27. Laphria alternans, _Wied. Auss. Zweifl._ i. 511. 20.

  Singapore. Inhabits also Java.


  28. LAPHRIA ORCUS, n. s., fœm. Nigra, nigro-hirsuta, scutello
    nigro-cyaneo, abdomine pedibusque nigro-purpureis, alis
    nigricantibus areolarum discis pallidioribus, halteribus albidis.

  _Female._ Black, with black hairs and bristles. Face slightly convex.
    Mystax with numerous black bristles, extending over the whole
    surface. Scutellum dark blue. Abdomen and legs dark purple, the
    latter with whitish hairs on the coxæ. Wings blackish; disks of
    several of the areolets much paler; veins black. Halteres whitish.
    Length of the body 8 lines; of the wings 14 lines.

  Malacca.


  29. Laphria aurifacies, _Macq. Dipt. Exot. Suppl._ iii. 22. 33. pl. 2.
    f. 5.

  Singapore and Malacca. Inhabits also the Moluccas.


  30. Laphria elegans, _Walk. Cat. Dipt._ 2nd Ser. 551. 126.

  Mount Ophir. Inhabits also Hindostan.


  31. LAPHRIA BASIFERA, n. s., fœm. Obscurè nigra, capite albido
    tomentoso, mystace nigro, antennarum articulo 3^o fusiformi, thorace
    cano-sexvittato, abdominis lateribus albido-maculatis, apice
    compresso, alis subcinereis basi sublimpidis costæ dimidio apicali
    fuscescente.

  _Female._ Dull black. Head with whitish tomentum and hairs. Face
    slightly convex towards the epistoma. Mystax with several black
    bristles. Proboscis lanceolate, stout, straight. Third joint of the
    antennæ fusiform, as long as the 1st and the 2nd. Thorax with six
    hoary stripes; the middle pair parallel, linear, very slender and
    almost contiguous. Abdomen with whitish spots along each side,
    compressed at the tip. Legs with whitish hairs and with black
    bristles. Wings greyish, almost limpid towards the base, brownish
    along the apical part of the costa; veins black. Length of the body
    6 lines; of the wings 12 lines.

  Singapore.

  This may be the female of the following species.


  32. LAPHRIA RADICALIS, n. s., mas. Nigra, capite argenteo, mystace
    nigro, antennarum articulo 3^o lineari, thorace strigis quatuor
    lateralibus transversis vittisque duabus intermediis albidis,
    abdominis lateribus albido-maculatis, ventre testaceo, alis
    nigro-fuscis dimidio basali limpido.

  _Male._ Black. Head beneath with whitish hairs. Face flat, with
    silvery-white tomentum. Mystax with a few black bristles. Proboscis
    linear, rather slender. Third joint of the antennæ linear, a little
    longer than the 1st and the 2nd. Thorax with two transverse whitish
    marks on each side, and with two whitish middle stripes which are
    broader and further apart than those of _L. basifera_. Pectus with
    testaceous whitish tomentum. Abdomen with a row of whitish spots
    along each side; underside testaceous except at the tip. Legs with
    blackish hairs; femora with testaceous hairs. Wings blackish-brown,
    limpid for almost half the length from the base; veins black.
    Halteres whitish. Length of the body 5 lines; of the wings 10 lines.

  Mount Ophir, at the height of 4000 feet.


  33. LAPHRIA INAUREA, n. s., fœm. Obscurè nigra, capite, thoracis
    lateribus, pectore abdominisque marginibus fulvo-tomentosis, mystace
    nigro, antennarum articulo 3^o longi-fusiformi, thorace
    cinereo-bivittato, abdomine ferrugineo, apice nigro, alis obscurè
    fuscis basi pallidioribus.

  _Female._ Dull black. Head, sides of the thorax, pectus, and hind
    borders of the abdominal segments with tawny tomentum. Face slightly
    convex towards the epistoma. Mystax with a few black bristles. Third
    joint of the antennæ very elongate fusiform, longer than the 1st and
    the 2nd. Thorax with two parallel cinereous stripes. Abdomen
    ferruginous, black and shining towards the tip; underside somewhat
    cinereous. Legs with tawny hairs. Wings dark brown, somewhat paler
    towards the base; veins black. Halteres testaceous. Length of the
    body 8 lines; of the wings 14 lines.

  Singapore.


  34. LAPHRIA BASIGUTTA, n. s., mas. Nigra, capite aureo, mystace nigro,
    antennarum articulo 3^o lineari, thorace abdomineque
    fulvo-tomentosis, alis nigricantibus basi sublimpidis.

  _Male._ Black. Face almost flat, with pale gilded tomentum. Mystax
    with very few black bristles. Proboscis linear, more slender than
    that of _L. radicalis_. Third joint of the antennæ linear, a little
    longer than the 1st and the 2nd, more slender than that of _L.
    radicalis_. Thorax with dull tawny tomentum; pectus more cinereous.
    Abdomen more slightly tawny. Legs with cinereous hairs and black
    bristles. Wings blackish, almost limpid towards the base; veins
    black. Halteres tawny. Length of the body 5 lines; of the wings 9
    lines.

  Singapore.


  35. LAPHRIA FUSIFERA, n. s., fœm. Nigra, cinereo-tomentosa, capite
    albido, mystace nigro, antennarum articulo 3° fusiformi, thoracis
    vittis duabus pectoreque canis, abdomine apicem versus rufo, alis
    subcinereis apud costæ dimidium apicale fuscescentibus.

  Allied to _L. crassipes_, Fabr. _Female._ Black, with greyish
    tomentum. Head whitish in front, with white hairs beneath; face very
    convex towards the epistoma. Mystax with a few black bristles.
    Proboscis oblique, ascending, stout, straight, lanceolate. Third
    joint of the antennæ fusiform. Thorax with two hoary stripes;
    sutures and pectus hoary. Abdomen pale red towards the tip which is
    compressed. Legs with whitish hairs and black bristles. Wings
    greyish, brownish for half the breadth along the apical half of the
    costa; veins black. Length of the body 6 lines; of the wings 12
    lines.

  Singapore.


  36. LAPHRIA SOBRIA, n. s., fœm. Nigra, fulvo-tomentosa, capite albo,
    mystace nigro, abdominis apice glabro, tibiis ferrugineis, alis
    cinereis basi sublimpidis.

  _Female._ Black. Face flat, with shining white tomentum. Mystax with a
    few black bristles. Proboscis straight, slender, linear. Thorax and
    abdomen with tawny tomentum, the latter bare and shining towards the
    tip. Pectus more cinereous. Tibiæ somewhat ferruginous. Wings dark
    cinereous, almost limpid towards the base; veins black. Halteres
    testaceous. Length of the body 5 lines; of the wings 10 lines.

  Singapore.


  37. LAPHRIA PLANA, n. s., mas. Nigra, cinereo-tomentosa, capite
    albido, mystace nigro, antennarum articulo 3° elliptico, pedibus
    fulvis, alis cinereis, halteribus albidis.

  _Male._ Black, with cinereous tomentum. Face whitish, flat. Mystax
    with very few black bristles. Proboscis straight, porrect, slightly
    lanceolate, somewhat short. Third joint of the antennæ elliptical, a
    little shorter than the 1st. Pectus hoary. Legs tawny. Wings grey;
    veins black. Halteres whitish. Length of the body 4 lines; of the
    wings 10 lines.

  Singapore.


  38. LAPHRIA IMBELLIS, n. s., fœm. Nigra, cinereo-tomentosa, capite
    albido, mystace albo, antennis fulvis, thoracis strigis transversis
    quatuor lateralibus vittisque tribus intermediis canis, abdominis
    segmentis maculis lateralibus albidis, pedibus fusco-fulvis, alis
    limpidis apice fuscis, halteribus albidis.

  _Female._ Black, with cinereous tomentum. Head with white hairs
    beneath. Face whitish, slightly convex towards the epistoma. Mystax
    with a few white bristles. Proboscis lanceolate, short, straight,
    porrect. Antennæ tawny. Thorax with two transverse hoary marks on
    each side, and with three indistinct hoary stripes. Pectus whitish.
    Abdominal segments with a transverse whitish spot on each side of
    the hind border. Legs tawny, with paler hairs; coxæ black; anterior
    tarsi towards the tips, hind tarsi at the base, and hind tibiæ
    brown. Wings limpid, brown at the tips; veins black. Halteres
    whitish. Length of the body 5 lines; of the wings 10 lines.

  Singapore.


                       Subfam. ASILITES, _Walk._


                          Gen. ASILUS, _Linn._

  39. ASILUS FUSIFORMIS, n. s., fœm. Niger, cinereo-tomentosus, capite
    albido, mystace testaceo, thoracis vittis tribus pectoreque canis,
    abdominis apice compresso glabro, pedibus rufis, tarsis nigris,
    femoribus anterioribus nigromaculatis, alis subcinereis.

  _Female._ Black, with cinereous tomentum. Head whitish in front,
    rather thickly clothed with whitish hairs; a few black bristles
    behind; face slightly convex towards the epistoma. Mystax with
    several testaceous bristles. Proboscis stout, straight, lanceolate.
    Palpi with thick black bristles. Antennæ black. Thorax with three
    indistinct hoary stripes. Pectus hoary. Abdomen oblanceolate, with
    whitish and black hairs, compressed, shining, and bare towards the
    tip. Legs red, very stout, beset with black spines; tarsi except at
    the base and knees black; a black spot on each of the anterior
    femora. Wings slightly cinereous; veins black, tawny at the base and
    along the costa. Halteres testaceous. Length of the body 13 lines;
    of the wings 24 lines.

  Malacca.


  40. ASILUS LINEOSUS, n. s., fœm. Fuscus, capite subaurato, mystace
    testaceo nigroque, antennis pedibusque nigris, thorace
    aureo-quadrivittato, abdomine fulvo-fasciato, apice nigro compresso
    transversè ruguloso, tibiis luteis apice nigris, alis cinereis.

  _Female._ Dark brown. Head with pale gilded tomentum, clothed beneath
    with whitish hairs; face convex towards the epistoma. Mystax with
    several testaceous bristles and with a few more slender black
    bristles. Proboscis stout, straight, lanceolate. Palpi thickly beset
    with black bristles. Antennæ black; arista almost thrice the length
    of the 3rd joint which is fusiform. Thorax with four dull pale
    gilded stripes; sides and pectus cinereous. Abdomen oblanceolate,
    with broad fawn-coloured bands, black, shining, compressed and
    transversely rugulose towards the tip. Legs black, armed with black
    spines; tibiæ pale luteous, with black tips; onychia pale luteous.
    Wings cinereous; veins black. Halteres ferruginous. Length of the
    body 12 lines; of the wings 20 lines.

  Singapore.


  41. ASILUS DEBILIS, n. s., mas. Cinereus, capite flavido-albo, mystace
    testaceo nigroque, antennis fulvis, thorace fusco-bivittato,
    abdominis segmentis canofasciatis, pedibus testaceis, femoribus
    tibiisque apice tarsisque nigricantibus, alis sublimpidis apice
    nigricantibus.

  _Male._ Cinereous. Head with yellowish-white tomentum, clothed beneath
    with white hairs; face very slightly convex towards the epistoma.
    Mystax with a few testaceous, and with still fewer black bristles.
    Proboscis black, slightly lanceolate, rather slender. Antennæ tawny;
    3rd joint and arista black, the latter four times the length of the
    former which is fusiform. Thorax with two brown stripes. Pectus
    hoary. Abdomen with a hoary band on the hind border of each segment.
    Legs testaceous, with very few black bristles; tarsi, except at the
    base and tips of the femora and of the tibiæ, black; hind femora and
    hind tibiæ mostly black. Wings nearly limpid, blackish towards the
    tips; veins black. Halteres testaceous. Length of the body 7 lines;
    of the wings 14 lines.

  Malacca.


  42. ASILUS LATIFASCIA, n. s., mas. Cinereo-niger, capite albido,
    mystace testaceo, thoracis vittis quatuor pectoreque canis, abdomine
    ferrugineo, basi apiceque nigris, pedibus fulvis nigro-variis, alis
    nigricantibus margine postico fusco.

  _Male._ Black, with a slight cinereous tinge. Head with some whitish
    hairs beneath. Face whitish, flat. Mystax with many pale testaceous
    bristles. Proboscis straight, slightly lanceolate. Antennæ black.
    Thorax with four slight hoary stripes. Pectus hoary. Abdomen
    ferruginous, black at the base and towards the tip. Legs tawny;
    tarsi, hind femora, and tips of the posterior tibiæ black; anterior
    femora black above. Wings blackish, brown along the hind border;
    veins black. Halteres testaceous. Length of the body 9 lines; of the
    wings 16 lines.

  Singapore.


  43. Asilus Barium, _Walk. Cat. Dipt._ pt. 2. 426.

  Mount Ophir. Inhabits also Ceylon and Sumatra.


                       Gen. OMMATIUS, _Illiger_.

  44. Ommatius Pennus, _Walk. Cat. Dipt._ pt. 2. 469. Malacca. Inhabits
    also Sumatra, Borneo, and Corea.


  45. Ommatius Hecale, _Walk. Cat. Dipt._ pt. 2. 476. Singapore.


  46. OMMATIUS GRACILIS, n. s., mas. Nigro-fuscus, facie atrâ, thoracis
    lateribus pectoreque canis, pedibus fulvis, femoribus tibiisque
    apice tarsisque nigris, alis sublimpidis apice cinereis.

  _Male._ Blackish-brown. Face flat, deep black. Proboscis black, rather
    slender, slightly lanceolate. Antennæ black. Pectus and sides of the
    thorax hoary. Abdomen dull black. Legs tawny; tarsi and tips of the
    femora and of the tibiæ black. Wings nearly limpid, dark grey
    towards the tips; veins black. Halteres testaceous. Length of the
    body 6 lines; of the wings 10 lines.

  Mount Ophir.




                         Fam. LEPTIDÆ, _Westw._


                          Gen. LEPTIS, _Fabr._

  47. LEPTIS DECISA, n. s., mas. Nigra, capite albo, antennis testaceis
    basi nigris, thoracis callis testaceis, vittis duabus pectoreque
    canis, abdomine testaceo, vittâ dorsali fasciisque nigris, femoribus
    testaceis apice nigris, alis sublimpidis fasciâ apiceque fuscis.

  _Male._ Black. Head white in front. Antennæ testaceous, black towards
    the base. Humeral calli testaceous. Thorax with two hoary stripes;
    sides and pectus hoary. Abdomen testaceous, with a black dorsal
    stripe and a black band on the hind border of each segment. Femora
    testaceous, with black tips; hind femora black for more than half
    the length from the tips. Wings nearly limpid, pale brown towards
    the tips, and with a darker brown band which tapers irregularly from
    the costa to the hind border and crosses the base of the discal
    areolet; veins black. Halteres testaceous. Length of the body 4½
    lines; of the wings 9 lines.

  Malacca.




                        Fam. BOMBYLIDÆ, _Leach_.


                         Gen. ANTHRAX, _Fabr._

  48. ANTHRAX DEGENERA, n. s., mas et fœm. Nigra, pectore albido,
    abdominis lateribus ferrugineis, ventre testaceo, alis subcinereis,
    pedibus basi testaceis. Mas. Alis basi et apud costam nigro-fuscis.
    Fœm. Alis plus dimidio basali nigro-fuscis.

  _Male and Female._ Dull black. Head not broader than long. Antennæ
    small; 3rd joint short-conical; arista somewhat longer than the 3rd
    joint. Pectus whitish. Abdomen blackish-brown, ferruginous on each
    side, testaceous beneath. Legs long, slender. Wings greyish; veins
    black; radial vein curved towards its tip; fore fork of the cubital
    undulating, parallel to the radial, forming near its base an obtuse
    angle which emits the stump of a vein; hind fork straight; three
    nearly straight externo-medial veins; 2nd connected with the 3rd by
    an undulating and very oblique veinlet; subanal vein near the anal
    on the border. Halteres testaceous.—_Male._ Hind femora testaceous
    towards the base; anterior femora dark testaceous. Wings
    blackish-brown at the base and along the costa.—_Female._ Hind
    femora testaceous with black tips; anterior femora paler testaceous.
    Wings blackish-brown for much more than half the length from the
    base. Length of the body 3½ lines; of the wings 10 lines.

  Singapore.




                       Fam. DOLICHOPIDÆ, _Leach_.


                        Gen. PSILOPUS, _Meigen_.

  49. PSILOPUS CLARUS, n. s., mas. Viridis, capite cyaneo, facie
    pectoreque albis, antennis nigris, abdominis segmentis
    nigro-fascistis, pedibus testaceis, tibiis posticis apice tarsisque
    nigris, alis limpidis.

  _Male._ Green. Head bright blue, white in front. Proboscis, legs and
    halteres testaceous. Antennæ black; arista as long as the thorax.
    Pectus white. Abdominal segments with black bands. Legs long; tarsi
    and tips of the hind tibiæ black. Wings limpid; veins black; fore
    branch of the præbrachial vein slightly curved; hind branch
    extending to the border; discal transverse vein rather deeply
    undulating. Length of the body 4½ lines; of the wings 8 lines.

  Mount Ophir.


  50. PSILOPUS ROBUSTUS, n. s., fœm. Purpureo-cyaneus, capite purpureo,
    facie pectoreque albis, antennis pedibus halteribusque testaceis,
    thorace viridi-vario, abdominis fasciis nigris, tarsis apice
    nigricantibus, alis subcinereis.

  _Female._ Purplish-blue. Head bright purple, white in front. Proboscis
    and antennæ testaceous; arista black, full as long as the thorax.
    Thorax green on each side and in front. Pectus white. Abdomen with
    black bands. Legs long, pale testaceous; tarsi blackish towards the
    tips. Wings slightly greyish; veins black; fore branch of the
    præbrachial vein moderately curved; discal transverse vein
    moderately undulating. Halteres pale testaceous. Length of the body
    2½ lines; of the wings 6 lines.

  This may be the female of _P. clarus_.

  Singapore.


  51. PSILOPUS SUBNOTATUS, n. s., mas. Cyaneus, capite purpureo, facie
    pectoreque albis, proboscide antennis pedibusque testaceis, thoracis
    lateribus anticis viridibus, abdomine viridi-cyaneo basi apiceque
    purpurascente, tarsis apice nigricantibus, alis subcinereis
    albido-bifasciatis.

  _Male._ Blue. Head purple above, white in front. Proboscis and antennæ
    testaceous; arista black, nearly as long as the thorax. Thorax green
    on each side in front. Pectus white. Abdomen greenish-blue, purplish
    at the base and at the tip. Legs testaceous, rather long; tarsi
    blackish towards the tips. Wings slightly greyish, with two
    imperfect whitish bands; hind border white towards the tip; costa
    interruptedly blackish; veins black; fore branch of the præbrachial
    vein almost straight; hind branch extending to the border; discal
    transverse vein almost straight, hardly undulating. Halteres pale
    testaceous. Length of the body 2½ lines; of the wings 6 lines.

  Mount Ophir.


  52. PSILOPUS POSTICUS, n. s., mas. Viridis, proboscide antennis
    abdominis fasciis pedibusque nigris, tibiis luridis, alis nigris
    apud marginem posticum sublimpidis.

  _Male._ Dark green. Head above bluish-green. Proboscis and antennæ
    black; arista nearly as long as the body. Abdomen with black bands.
    Legs black; posterior tibiæ lurid; fore tibiæ testaceous. Wings
    black, rather narrow, nearly limpid along the hind border; veins
    black; fore branch of the præbrachial vein slightly curved; discal
    transverse vein slightly undulating. Halteres black. Length of the
    body 2 lines; of the wings 5 lines.

  Malacca.


  53. PSILOPUS TENEBROSUS, n. s., fœm. Purpureo-niger, facie pectoreque
    albis, abdomine purpureo, pedibus fulvis, femoribus apice tarsisque
    nigricantibus, alis nigricantibus margine postico fasciâque
    sublimpidis.

  _Female._ Purplish-black. Head dull black, white in front. Proboscis
    piceous. Antennæ black; arista rather shorter than the thorax.
    Pectus white. Abdomen dark purple. Legs tawny; tarsi and tips of the
    femora blackish. Wings blackish, nearly limpid along the hind
    border, and at two-thirds of the length with a nearly limpid band
    which extends from the hind border to the cubital vein; veins and
    halteres black; fore branch of the præbrachial vein very deeply
    curved; discal transverse vein almost straight. Length of the body 3
    lines; of the wings 6 lines.

  Singapore.




                        Fam. SYRPHIDÆ, _Leach_.


                          Gen. CERIA, _Fabr._

  54. Ceria Javana, _Wied. Auss. Zweifl._ ii. 81. 1.

  Malacca. Inhabits also Java.


                        Gen. ERISTALIS, _Latr._

  55. Eristalis Amphicrates, _Walk. Cat. Dipt._ pt. 3. 623.

  Malacca. Inhabits also Hindostan, Java, and China.


  56. Eristalis niger? _Wied. Auss. Zweifl._ ii. 183. 45.

  Singapore. Inhabits also Java?


  57. ERISTALIS SINGULARIS, n. s., fœm. Ater, aristâ nudâ, pedibus
    posticis subincrassatis, tibiis anterioribus basi testaceis, alis
    subcinereis apud costæ medium nigricantibus.

  _Female._ Deep black. Head shining in front. Arista bare. Legs
    shining; hind femora rather thick; hind tibiæ slightly dilated;
    anterior tibiæ pale testaceous towards the base. Wings greyish, with
    a blackish tinge along the middle of the costa; veins black. Length
    of the body 4 lines; of the wings 8 lines.

  Singapore.


                       Gen. HELOPHILUS, _Meigen_.

  58. HELOPHILUS INSIGNIS, n. s., fœm. Nigricans, capitis lateribus
    anticis pectorisque fasciis duabus testaceis, antennis ferrugineis,
    thoracis vittis quatuor, scutello abdominisque fasciis tribus
    luteis, hujus marginibus subchalybeis, tibiis fulvis apice
    nigricantibus, alis subcinereis basi subluridis apud costæ dimidium
    apicale fuscescentibus.

  _Female._ Blackish. Head pale testaceous on each side in front.
    Antennæ ferruginous. Thorax with four luteous stripes. Pectus with a
    testaceous band on each side. Scutellum luteous. Abdomen with three
    luteous bands; 1st broad, interrupted; 2nd narrower than the 1st,
    broader than the 3rd; hind borders of the segments slightly
    chalybeous and shining. Tibiæ tawny, with blackish tips. Wings
    slightly greyish, with a lurid tinge at the base, and a slight
    brownish tinge along the costa beyond the middle; veins black, tawny
    towards the costa. Halteres testaceous. Length of the body 8 lines;
    of the wings 14 lines.

  Singapore.


                         Gen. XYLOTA, _Meigen_.

  59. XYLOTA CONFORMIS, n. s., fœm. Ænea, capite femoribusque chalybeis,
    antennis fulvis, thorace testaceo-bivittato, abdominis fasciis
    duabus latis interruptis pedibusque testaceis, alis subcinereis.

  _Female._ Æneous. Head chalybeous, with whitish tomentum in front,
    with short white hairs beneath. Proboscis black. Antennæ tawny;
    arista bare. Thorax with two testaceous tomentose stripes. Pectus
    with a testaceous band on each side. Abdomen with two broad
    interrupted testaceous bands. Legs testaceous; femora chalybeous;
    tarsi with brownish tips. Wings slightly greyish; veins black;
    stigma brown. Halteres testaceous. Length of the body 5 lines; of
    the wings 10 lines.

  Singapore.


                         Gen. MILESIA, _Latr._

  60. Milesia macularis, _Wied. Auss. Zweifl._ ii. 107. 5.

  Singapore. Inhabits also Java.


  61. Milesia Reinwardtii, _Wied. Auss. Zweifl._ ii. 104. 1.

  Singapore. Inhabits also Java.


  62. MILESIA VESPOÏDES, n. s., mas. Atra, verticis maculâ trigonâ
    testaceâ, abdominis fasciâ latissimâ luteâ, femoribus posticis extùs
    apices versus ferrugineis, alis fuscis apice luridis margine postico
    cinereis.

  _Male._ Deep black. Head with a minute elongate-triangular testaceous
    spot on the vertex; fore part and humeral calli shining. Abdomen
    partly clothed with black hairs, with a very broad luteous band
    which occupies rather more than half the hind part of the 2nd
    segment and the fore half of the 3rd. Hind femora ferruginous on the
    outer sides towards the tips. Wings dark brown, lurid towards the
    tips, grey along the hind border. Halteres pale testaceous. Length
    of the body 11 lines; of the wings 22 lines.

  Singapore.


                         Gen. SYRPHUS, _Fabr._

  63. SYRPHUS CONSEQUENS, n. s., mas et fœm. Luteus, vertice nigro,
    antennis nigro-vittatis, thoracis disco chalybeo, abdominis fasciis
    quatuor atris, femoribus posticis apice necnon tibiis tarsisque
    posticis nigris, alis subcinereis apud costam subfuscis.

  Closely allied to _S. ericetorum_.—_Male and Female._ Pale luteous.
    Head black and shining on the vertex by the antennæ, pale testaceous
    in front. Proboscis tawny. Antennæ tawny, with a black dorsal
    stripe; arista black. Disk of the thorax chalybeous. Abdomen with
    four deep black bands on the hind borders of the segments. Hind
    tibiæ, hind tarsi, and tips of hind femora black. Wings slightly
    greyish, with a brown tinge along the costa; veins black. Halteres
    pale testaceous.—_Female._ Vertical callus capitate. Length of the
    body 4½–5½ lines; of the wings 10–12 lines.

  Singapore and Mount Ophir.


  64. SYRPHUS DUPLEX, n. s., mas et fœm. Chalybeo-niger, gracilis,
    antennis maris piceis fœminæ fulvis, abdominis fasciis tribus
    interruptis testaceis, femoribus anterioribus testaceis apice
    nigris, posticis basi testaceis, alis subcinereis.

  _Male and Female._ Chalybeous black, slender. Antennæ of the male
    piceous, of the female tawny. Abdomen with three dull interrupted
    testaceous bands, slightly compressed for three-quarters of the
    length in the male. Legs black; anterior femora testaceous with
    black tips; hind femora testaceous at the base. Wings greyish; veins
    and stigma black. Halteres testaceous. Length of the body 6 lines;
    of the wings 12 lines.

  Singapore.


  65. SYRPHUS TRILIGATUS, n. s., mas. Flavus gracilis, antennis fulvis,
    thoracis disco chalybeo-nigro, pectore et metathorace nigris,
    abdominis fasciis quatuor latis quatuorque angustis nigris,
    femoribus posticis nigro latè fasciatis, tibiis tarsisque posticis
    nigris, alis subcinereis.

  _Male._ Pale yellow, rather slender. Antennæ tawny. Disk of the thorax
    chalybeous black. Pectus and metathorax mostly black. Abdomen with
    eight black bands which are alternately broad and narrow. Hind
    femora with a broad black band; hind tibiæ and hind tarsi black.
    Wings greyish; stigma brown; veins black. Halteres pale testaceous.
    Length of the body 4½ lines; of the wings 9 lines.

  Mount Ophir.




                         Fam. MUSCIDÆ, _Latr._


                      Subfam. TACHINIDES, _Walk._


                      Gen. ECHINOMYIA, _Duméril_.

  66. ECHINOMYIA BREVIPENNIS, n. s., mas. Nigra, capite anticè albo,
    frontalibus ferrugineis, scutello abdominisque fasciis testaceis,
    alis subcinereis parvis basi limpidis.

  _Male._ Black, stout. Head white, with white hairs beneath; front and
    vertex black, shining; frontalia ferruginous, slightly widening from
    the vertex to the antennæ; epistoma slightly prominent. Antennæ
    extending to two-thirds of the length of the face; 3rd joint
    truncated, not much longer than broad, much broader and shorter than
    the 2nd; arista stout, tapering from its two indistinct basal
    joints, full twice the length of the 3rd joint. Scutellum
    testaceous. Abdomen elongate-oval, longer than the thorax. Wings
    greyish, rather short, limpid towards the base; veins black,
    testaceous towards the base; præbrachial vein forming a very
    slightly acute angle at its flexure, near which it is very deeply
    curved inward, and is thence straight to its tip which joins the tip
    of the costal; discal transverse vein straight, parted by much less
    than its length from the border, and by little more than half its
    length from the flexure of the præbrachial. Alulæ greyish, with
    testaceous borders. Length of the body 6 lines; of the wings 9
    lines.

  Mount Ophir, at the height of 4000 feet.


                         Gen. TACHINA, _Fabr._

  67. TACHINA OPHIRICA, n. fœm. Cinerea, latiuscula, capite argenteo,
    frontalibus atris, thoracis vittis quatuor interruptis nigris,
    scutelli margine abdominisque fasciis canis, alis subcinereis.

  _Female._ Cinereous, rather short and broad. Head hoary, silvery-white
    above and in front; frontalia deep black, slightly widening from the
    vertex to the antennæ; facialia without bristles; epistoma hardly
    prominent. Antennæ extending to about three-quarters of the length
    of the face; 3rd joint linear, slender, rounded at the tip, about
    twice the length of the 2nd; arista stout for about half its length,
    very much longer than the 3rd joint. Thorax with four slender
    interrupted black stripes; scutellum with a hoary border. Abdomen
    black, obconical, hardly longer than the thorax; a broad hoary band
    on the fore border of each segment. Wings slightly greyish; veins
    black; præbrachial vein forming an almost right and rather
    well-defined angle from whence it is slightly curved inward to its
    tip; discal transverse vein hardly curved inward, parted by rather
    less than its length from the border and from the flexure of the
    præbrachial. Alulæ white. Length of the body 4 lines; of the wings 8
    lines.

  Mount Ophir, at the height of 4000 feet.


                       Gen. MASICERA, _Macquart_.

  68. Masicera tomentosa, _Macq. Dipt. Exot. Suppl._ 2.

  Mount Ophir, at the height of 4000 feet.


  69. MASICERA VICARIA, n. s., fœm. Nigra, longiuscula, capite albo,
    frontalibus atris, thoracis vittis quatuor, lateribus scutello
    abdominisque fasciis duabus latis interruptis canis, alis cinereis.

  _Female._ Black, rather long. Head white, with short white hairs
    beneath and behind; frontalia linear, deep black; facialia without
    bristles; epistoma not prominent. Eyes pubescent. Antennæ extending
    nearly to the epistoma; 3rd joint linear, slender, slightly rounded
    at the tip, about four times the length of the 2nd; arista rather
    stout for full one-third of the length from the base, very much
    longer than the 3rd joint. Thorax with four hoary stripes; sides and
    scutellum hoary. Abdomen elongate-obconical, much longer than the
    thorax, with two broad interrupted hoary bands. Legs stout. Wings
    grey; veins black; præbrachial vein forming a rather obtuse angle at
    its flexure, from whence it is slightly curved inward to its tip;
    discal transverse vein undulating, parted by very little less than
    its length from the border and from the flexure of the præbrachial.
    Alulæ whitish. Length of the body 5 lines; of the wings 9 lines.

  Singapore.


                      Gen. EURIGASTER, _Macquart_.

  70. EURIGASTER MUSCOÏDES, n. s., fœm. Nigra lata, capite
    albido, frontalibus nigris, palpis testaceis, thorace cano
    nigro-quadrivittato, scutelli apice fulvo, abdomine cano-fasciato,
    alis cinereis apud costam fuscescentibus.

  _Female._ Black, broad, with long bristles. Head whitish; frontalia
    black, linear; facialia without bristles; epistoma not prominent.
    Eyes pubescent. Palpi testaceous. Antennæ extending to the epistoma;
    3rd joint linear, rounded at the tip, full four times the length of
    the 2nd; arista slender, very much longer than the 3rd joint. Thorax
    hoary, with four black stripes. Scutellum tawny towards the tip.
    Abdomen obconical, hardly longer than the thorax, with a broad hoary
    band on each segment. Legs slender, hardly setose. Wings grey,
    brownish in front; veins black; præbrachial vein forming a slightly
    obtuse angle at its flexure, from whence it is slightly curved
    inward to its tip; discal transverse vein straight except a slight
    curve by its hind end, parted by much less than its length from the
    border, and by rather more than its length from the flexure of the
    præbrachial. Alulæ white. Length of the body 3 lines; of the wings 6
    lines.

  Singapore.


                Gen. ZAMBESA, n. g. (_Plate I. Fig. 2._)

  _Mas._ _Corpus_ longum, angustum, subcylindricum. _Facies_ verticalis,
    subretracta. _Facialia_ nuda. _Epistoma_ planum. _Palpi_
    longiusculi, sat graciles. _Antennarum_ articulus 3^{us} gracilis,
    linearis, 2^o sexties longior; aristâ gracillimâ. _Oculi_ nudi.
    _Abdomen_ lineare, thorace multò longius. _Pedes_ longiusculi. _Alæ_
    sat augustæ.

  _Male._ Body long, narrow, almost cylindrical. Face vertical, slightly
    retracted towards the base. Facialia without bristles. Eyes remote,
    bare. Palpi rather long and slender. Antennæ extending to the
    epistoma; 3rd joint slender, linear, rounded at the tip, six times
    the length of the 2nd; arista very slender, rather longer than the
    3rd joint. Abdomen linear, much longer than the thorax. Legs rather
    long. Wings rather narrow; costal vein ending at hardly in front of
    the tip of the wing; brachial vein joining the cubital.


  71. ZAMBESA OCYPTEROÏDES, n. s., mas. Nigra, capite albo,
    frontalibus atris, antennarum articulo 3^o fulvo, thorace cano
    nigro-quadrivittato, abdominis fasciis duabus latis interruptis
    semihyalinis albido-testaceis, femoribus testaceis apice nigris,
    tibiis piceis, alis limpidis, apice margineque postico cinereis.

  _Male._ Black. Head white, with short white hairs beneath; frontalia
    deep black, linear. Proboscis testaceous. Palpi black. Third joint
    of the antennæ tawny. Thorax hoary, with four black stripes, of
    which the outer pair are very much broader than the inner pair.
    Abdomen a little narrower than the thorax, with two broad whitish
    testaceous semihyaline bands which are interrupted above. Femora
    testaceous, with black tips; tibiæ piceous. Wings limpid, grey
    towards the tips and along the hind borders; veins black;
    præbrachial vein forming an obtuse angle at its flexure from whence
    it is slightly curved inward to its tip, which joins the cubital
    very near the border; discal transverse vein very slightly curved
    inward, parted by less than its length from the border, and by more
    than its length from the flexure of the præbrachial. Alulæ white.
    Length of the body 5 lines; of the wings 10 lines.

  Singapore.


                        Subfam. DEXIDES, _Walk._


                         Gen. DEXIA, _Meigen_.

  72. DEXIA DIVERGENS, n. s. (gen. Thelaira, _Desv._), mas. Cana longa
    angusta, capite albo, frontalibus atris, proboscide palpis
    antennisque testaceis, aristâ plumosâ, thorace nigro-quadrivittato,
    abdomine testaceo semihyalino, vittâ fasciisque nigris, pedibus
    longis testaceis, tarsia nigris, alia subcinereis.

  _Male._ Body hoary, long, narrow, with long black bristles. Head
    white; frontalia deep black, widening from the vertex to the
    antennæ; facialia without bristles; epistoma not prominent. Eyes
    bare. Proboscis and palpi testaceous. Antennæ testaceous, not nearly
    extending to the epistoma; 3rd joint slender; arista black, plumose.
    Thorax with four black stripes, of which the outer pair are broader
    than the inner pair. Abdomen testaceous, semihyaline, with a black
    dorsal stripe, and with a black band on the hind border of each
    segment. Legs long, testaceous; tarsi black. Wings greyish; veins
    black; præbrachial vein forming a hardly obtuse angle at its
    flexure, from whence it is indistinctly undulating to its tip which
    joins the costal at a little in front of the tip of the wing; discal
    transverse vein slightly curved inward near its hind end, parted by
    hardly more than half its length from the border, and by hardly less
    than its length from the flexure of the præbrachial. Alulæ whitish.
    Length of the body 6 lines; of the wings 11 lines.

  Mount Ophir.


                         Subfam. SARCOPHAGIDES.


                       Gen. SARCOPHAGA, _Meigen_.

  73. Sarcophaga ruficornis, _Fabr. Syst. Antl._ 287. 12. (Musca.)

  Malacca. Inhabits also Hindostan.


  74. SARCOPHAGA RECIPROCA, n. s., fœm. Cana, capite albo, frontalibus
    palpis antennis thoracis vittis pedibusque nigris, abdomine
    subtessellato, alis subcinereis.

  _Female._ Hoary. Head white; frontalia black, linear. Proboscis, palpi
    and antennæ black. Thorax with three black stripes, and with black
    lines intersecting the two intermediate hoary stripes. Abdomen
    slightly tessellated. Legs black. Wings greyish; veins black;
    præbrachial forming a right angle at its flexure, near which it is
    much curved inward, and is thence straight to its tip; discal
    transverse vein slightly undulating, parted by less than its length
    from the border, and by little more than half its length from the
    flexure of the præbrachial. Alulæ white. Length of the body 6 lines;
    of the wings 11 lines.

  Singapore. A smaller specimen from Malacca apparently belongs to this
    species.


  75. SARCOPHAGA ALIENA, n. s., fœm. Cana, capite albo, frontalibus
    palpis antennis thoracis vittis pedibusque nigris, abdomine
    tessellato, alis subcinereis.

  _Female._ Hoary. Head white; frontalia black, slightly widening in
    front. Proboscis, palpi and antennæ black. Thorax with three black
    stripes, and with black lines intersecting the two intermediate
    hoary stripes. Abdomen tessellated. Legs black. Wings slightly
    greyish; veins black; præbrachial forming a very slightly acute
    angle at its flexure, near which it is much curved inward, and is
    thence straight to its tip; discal transverse vein hardly
    undulating, parted by a little less than its length from the border,
    and by much more than half its length from the flexure of the
    præbrachial vein. Alulæ white. Length of the body 4 lines; of the
    wings 8 lines.

  Mount Ophir.


                           Subfam. MUSCIDES.


                          Gen. IDIA, _Meigen_.

  76. IDIA TENEBROSA, n. s., fœm. Obscurè viridis punctata, capite
    pedibus halteribusque nigris, antennis piceis, alis fusco-cinereis
    apud costam nigris.

  _Female._ Dull green. Head slightly tuberculated above, black and
    shining in front. Frontalia dull black, hardly decreasing in breadth
    to the base of the antennæ which are piceous. Thorax very minutely
    punctured, with a slight hoary tinge which is interrupted by three
    slender indistinct black stripes. Abdomen shining, thickly
    punctured. Legs black. Wings brownish grey, black along the costa.
    Alulæ grey, with black borders. Halteres black. Length of the body
    4½ lines; of the wings 7 lines.

  Mount Ophir. Inhabits also South Africa.


  77. IDIA BICOLOR, n. s., fœm. Viridis, capite albido, facie nigrâ,
    frontalibus obscurè nigris, antennis fulvis, thorace
    nigro-quadrivittato, abdomine æneomarginato, vittâ dorsali nigrâ,
    pedibus nigris, alis cinereis costâ apiceque nigricantibus,
    halteribus albidis.

  _Female._ Green. Head whitish and shining above, black and shining in
    front. Frontalia dull black, linear, furcate hindward. Antennæ
    tawny. Thorax with a slight hoary bloom and with four slender black
    stripes. Abdomen æneous at the tip and along each side, and with a
    slight black dorsal stripe. Legs black; coxæ and femora green. Wings
    grey, blackish along the costa and at the tips. Alulæ dingy whitish.
    Halteres whitish. Length of the body 3 lines; of the wings 5 lines.

  Malacca.


                          Gen. MUSCA, _Linn._

  78. Musca flaviceps, _Macq. Dipt. Exot._ ii. 2. 145. 23. pl. 18. f. 1.
    (Lucilia.) (Genus Chrysomyia, _Desv._)

  Singapore. Inhabits also Hindostan.


  79. MUSCA CHRYSOÏDES, n. s. (genus Chrysomyia, _Desv._), mas.
    Sericeo-viridis, capite testaceo, palpis antennisque fulvis,
    abdominis vittâ dorsali fasciisque nigris, alis subcinereis apice
    obscurioribus.

  _Male._ Sericeous green, hardly shining. Head testaceous. Proboscis
    black. Palpi and antennæ tawny. Abdomen with a black dorsal stripe,
    and with a black band on the hind border of each segment. Legs
    black; coxæ and femora green. Wings greyish, much darker towards the
    tips; veins black, tawny along the costa; præbrachial vein forming a
    very obtuse and somewhat rounded angle at its flexure, from whence
    it is slightly curved inward to its tip; discal transverse vein
    deeply undulating, parted by much less than its length from the
    border, and by a little less than its length from the flexure of the
    præbrachial vein. Alulæ dingy testaceous. Length of the body 5
    lines; of the wings 10 lines.

  Malacca and Mount Ophir.


  80. MUSCA PORPHYRINA, n. s. (genus Lucilia, _Desv._), fœm. Purpurea,
    capite albido, antennis pedibusque nigris, palpis fulvis, abdomine
    æneo-purpureo, alis cinereis.

  _Female._ Purple. Head whitish. Proboscis and antennæ black. Palpi
    tawny. Thorax with a slight hoary tinge which is very indistinctly
    striped. Abdomen bronze-purple. Legs black. Wings grey; veins black;
    præbrachial vein forming a very slightly obtuse angle at its
    flexure, from whence it is very slightly curved inward to its tip;
    discal transverse vein nearly straight, parted by little more than
    half its length from the border and from the flexure of the
    præbrachial. Alulæ dark grey. Length of the body 4½ lines; of the
    wings 9 lines.

  Mount Ophir, at the height of 4000 feet.


  81. MUSCA TRITA, n. s. (genus Lucilia, _Desv._), fœm. Cyaneo-viridis,
    capite pedibusque nigris, facie albâ, thoracis lateribus
    subpurpurascentibus, abdominis lateribus apiceque albido-tomentosis,
    alis sublimpidis.

  _Female._ Bright bluish-green. Head and appendages and legs black;
    face white. Sides of the thorax slightly purplish. Abdomen green,
    with slight whitish tomentum along each side and at the tip. Wings
    almost limpid; veins black; præbrachial vein forming a very obtuse
    and slightly rounded angle at its flexure, from whence to its tip it
    is hardly curved inward; discal transverse vein hardly curved
    inward, parted by much less than its length from the border and by a
    little less than its length from the flexure of the præbrachial
    vein. Alulæ greyish. Length of the body 3 lines; of the wings 6
    lines.

  Malacca.


  82. MUSCA DEFIXA, n. s. (genus Lucilia, _Desv._), mas. Cyaneo-viridis,
    capite albido, epistomate testaceo, palpis pedibusque nigris,
    antennis fulvis, alis subcinereis.

  _Male._ Bluish-green. Head whitish; epistoma testaceous. Proboscis,
    palpi and legs black. Antennæ tawny. Wings greyish; veins black;
    præbrachial vein forming a slightly obtuse and slightly rounded
    angle at its flexure, from whence to its tip it is moderately curved
    inward; discal transverse vein slightly undulating, parted by
    one-third of its length from the border, and by less than half its
    length from the flexure of the præbrachial. Alulæ grey. Length of
    the body 3 lines; of the wings 6 lines.

  Singapore.


  83. MUSCA REFLECTENS, n. s. (genus Pollenia, _Desv._), fœm.
    Purpureocyanea, viridi-varia, capite fulvo, frontalibus cinereis,
    palpis antennisque testaceis, pectore testaceo, maculis duabus
    purpureo-cyaneis, abdomine cano-subtessellato, apice æneo, pedibus
    validis nigris, tibiis fulvis, alis subcinerascentibus.

  _Female._ Purplish-blue tinged with green, hardly shining. Head
    fawn-colour, testaceous in front; frontalia cinereous. Proboscis
    black. Palpi, antennæ and pectus testaceous, the latter with a
    purplish-blue mark on each side. Abdomen slightly tessellated with
    hoary tomentum, æneous at the tip. Legs black, stout; tibiæ tawny.
    Wings very slightly greyish; veins black, testaceous towards the
    base and along the costa; præbrachial vein forming a very obtuse
    angle at its flexure, from whence it is slightly undulating to its
    tip; discal transverse vein very deeply undulating, parted by full
    half its length from the border, and by much less than its length
    from the flexure of the præbrachial vein. Alulæ white. Length of the
    body 5 lines; of the wings 10 lines.

  Malacca.


  84. MUSCA INFIXA, n. s. (genus Silbomyia, _Macq._), fœm.
    Viridi-cyanea, capite albido, frontalibus antennisque nigris, palpis
    fulvis, thoracis vittis quatuor abdomineque purpureis, pedibus
    piceis, femoribus cyanascentibus, alis cinereis costâ venisque
    fusco-marginatis.

  _Female._ Greenish-blue. Head whitish. Frontalia, proboscis and
    antennæ black. Palpi tawny. Thorax with four purple stripes. Abdomen
    purple. Legs piceous; femora bluish. Wings grey, brownish along the
    costa and along the borders of the veins, which are black;
    præbrachial vein forming an almost right and somewhat rounded angle
    at its flexure, from whence it is very slightly curved inward to its
    tip; discal transverse vein very slightly undulating, parted by full
    half its length from the border, and by much more than its length
    from the flexure of the præbrachial vein. Alulæ dark grey. Length of
    the body 5 lines; of the wings 10 lines.

  Singapore.


  85. MUSCA FUMIPENNIS, n. s. (genus Silbomyia, _Macq._), fœm,
    Cyaneo-viridis, capite testaceo, frontalibus piceis, palpis
    antennisque testaceis, thoracis vittis quatuor subobsoletis
    purpurascentibus, scutello abdomineque purpureo-cyaneis, pedibus
    nigris robustis densè pilosis, alis fuscis, apud costæ dimidium
    basale sublimpidis.

  _Female._ Bluish-green. Head pale testaceous; frontalia piceous.
    Proboscis black. Palpi and antennæ testaceous. Thorax with four very
    indistinct purplish stripes. Scutellum and abdomen purplish-blue.
    Legs black, stout, thickly pilose; fore coxæ tawny. Wings brown,
    paler at the tips and along the hind border, nearly limpid along the
    costa for half the breadth, and rather less than half the length
    from the base; veins black; præbrachial vein forming a very slightly
    oblique and much-rounded angle at its flexure, from whence it is
    moderately curved inward to its tip; discal transverse vein nearly
    straight, parted by rather more than half its length from the
    border, and by much less than its length from the flexure of the
    præbrachial vein. Alulæ grey. Length of the body 5 lines; of the
    wings 10 lines.

  Singapore.


  86. MUSCA DOTATA, n. s. (genua Phormia? _Desv._), mas. Viridis, capite
    antico albo, palpis antennisque fulvis, abdominis vittâ dorsali
    nigrâ fasciisque nigro-æneis, pedibus nigris, alis cinereis, dimidio
    apicali antico nigro-fusco.

  _Male._ Green. Head white in front. Proboscis black. Palpi and antennæ
    tawny. Abdomen with a black dorsal stripe, and with blackish bronze
    bands. Legs black. Wings grey; apical half blackish-brown, excepting
    the hind border; veins black; præbrachial vein forming a very obtuse
    and somewhat rounded angle at its flexure, from whence it is very
    slightly curved inward to its tip; discal transverse vein moderately
    undulating, parted by little more than half its length from the
    border and by rather less than its length from the flexure of the
    præbrachial. Alulæ grey. Length of the body 3½ lines; of the wings 7
    lines.

  Singapore.


  87. MUSCA DIFFIDENS, n. s. (genus Pyrellia, _Desv._), fœm.
    Cyaneo-viridis, capite albido, palpis antennis pedibusque nigris,
    alis vix cinerascentibus.

  _Female._ Bright bluish-green. Head whitish. Proboscis, palpi, antennæ
    and legs black. Wings hardly greyish; veins black; præbrachial vein
    gently curved at its flexure, from whence it is almost straight to
    its tip; discal transverse vein almost straight, parted by much less
    than its length from the border, and by much more than its length
    from the curve of the præbrachial vein. Alulæ whitish. Length of the
    body 3 lines; of the wings 6 lines.

  Singapore.


  88. MUSCA CONFIXA, n. s. (genus Pyrellia, _Desv._), fœm. Lætè viridis
    cyaneo purpureoque varia, capite nigro, antice albido, palpis
    testaceis, antennis nigris basi rufescentibus, abdominis apice
    subæneo, pedibus nigris, alis cinereis.

  _Female._ Bright green, tinged with blue and purple along each side.
    Head black above, whitish in front. Proboscis black. Palpi
    testaceous. Antennæ black; first and second joints reddish. Abdomen
    slightly æneous at the tip. Legs black; femora green. Wings grey;
    veins black; præbrachial vein gently curved at its flexure, between
    which and its tip it is slightly curved inward, discal transverse
    vein moderately undulating, parted by much less than its length from
    the border, and by a little less than its length from the flexure of
    the præbrachial vein. Alulæ dark grey. Length of the body 3½ lines;
    of the wings 7 lines.

  Mount Ophir, at the height of 4000 feet.


  89. MUSCA REFIXA, n. s. (genus Pyrellia, _Desv._), fœm. Purpurea,
    lateribus subtùsque cyanea aut cyaneo-viridis, capite antico, palpis
    pedibusque nigris, antennarum articulo tertio piceo, alis
    subcinereis.

  _Female._ Purple shining, blue on each side and beneath. Head in
    front, proboscis, palpi and legs black. Third joint of the antennæ
    piceous. Wings slightly greyish; veins black; præbrachial vein
    forming a gentle curve at its flexure, which is very near the
    border, indistinctly curved outward from thence to its tip; discal
    transverse vein almost straight, parted by little more than half its
    length from the border, and by about its length from the flexure of
    the præbrachial vein. Alulæ grey. Length of the body 2½–2¾ lines; of
    the wings 5–5½ lines.

  _Var._ β. Bluish-green. Scutellum purplish-blue. Discal transverse
    vein very indistinctly curved inward.

  Singapore.


  90. MUSCA PERFIXA, n. s. (genus Pyrellia, _Desv._), fœm. Purpurea,
    capite palpis antennis pedibusque nigris, alis limpidis.

  _Female._ Very nearly allied to _M. refixa_. Purple, shining. Head and
    appendages and legs black. Wings limpid; veins black; præbrachial
    vein forming a gentle curve at its flexure which is very near the
    border, straight from thence to its tip; discal transverse vein
    almost straight, parted by about half its length from the border,
    and by a little more than its length from the flexure of the
    præbrachial vein. Alulæ whitish. Length of the body 3 lines; of the
    wings 6 lines.

  Mount Ophir.


  91. MUSCA AFFIXA, n. s. (genus Morellia, _Desv._), mas. Obscurè nigra,
    capite antico albo, thoracis vittis tribus latis albidis, abdomine
    subtessellato, alis subcinereis.

  _Male._ Dull black. Head white in front. Thorax with three broad
    whitish stripes. Abdomen slightly tessellated. Wings greyish; veins
    black; præbrachial vein forming a gentle curve at its flexure which
    is very near the border, nearly straight from its flexure to its
    tip; discal transverse vein hardly undulating, parted by less than
    half its length from the border, and by little less than its length
    from the flexure of the præbrachial vein. Alulæ grey. Length of the
    body 4 lines; of the wings 7 lines.

  Mount Ophir.


                      Subfam. ANTHOMYIDES, _Walk._


                          Gen. ARICIA, _Macq._

  92. ARICIA ARGENTATA, n. s., mas. Cana, capite argenteo, palpis
    antennis pedibusque nigris, thoracis vittis duabus nigricantibus,
    scutelli apice testaceo, abdominis maculis quatuor nigris dorsalibus
    basi testaceo, femoribus testaceis, alis subcinereis.

  _Male._ Hoary. Head silvery-white. Proboscis, palpi, antennæ and legs
    black. Thorax with two blackish stripes. Scutellum towards the tip
    and femora testaceous. Abdomen with four black dorsal spots,
    testaceous towards the base. Wings and alulæ slightly greyish; veins
    black, testaceous towards the base; cubital and præbrachial veins
    slightly diverging for about two-thirds of their length from the
    præbrachial transverse vein, very slightly converging from thence to
    the border; discal transverse vein oblique, slightly curved inward
    along its hind half, parted by a little more than its length from
    the præbrachial transverse, and by much less than its length from
    the border. Length of the body 3½ lines; of the wings 6 lines.

  Malacca.


                         Gen. HYDROTÆA, _Macq._

  93. HYDROTÆA SOLENNIS, n. s., mas. Nigra, capite cano, thorace
    subcinereo nigro-trivittato, abdomine longi-obconico, tibiis
    ferrugineis, alis subcinoreis.

  _Male._ Black. Head hoary in front. Thorax slightly cinereous, with
    three black stripes. Abdomen elongate-obconical. Tibiæ ferruginous.
    Wings slightly greyish; veins black, testaceous at the base; cubital
    and præbrachial veins slightly diverging for nearly two-thirds of
    their length from the præbrachial transverse vein, very slightly
    converging from thence to the border; discal transverse vein
    oblique, curved inward in the middle, parted by about its length
    from the præbrachial transverse and by little more than half its
    length from the border. Alulæ greyish. Length of the body 2¾ lines;
    of the wings 5 lines.

  Mount Ophir, at the height of 4000 feet.


  94. ARICIA PATULA, n. s., mas. Nigra sat lata, antennis, thoracis
    lateribus, abdomine pedibusque fulvis, abdominis apice tarsisque
    nigris, alia cinereis.

  _Male._ Black, rather broad. Eyes bright red. Antennæ, sides of the
    thorax, scutellum, abdomen and legs tawny. Abdomen hardly longer
    than broad, black towards the tip. Tarsi black. Wings and alulæ
    grey; veins black, tawny towards the base; cubital and præbrachial
    veins diverging for more than two-thirds of their length from the
    præbrachial transverse, parallel from thence to their tips; discal
    transverse vein very oblique, curved inward near its hind end,
    parted by more than half its length from the border, and by very
    little more than its length from the præbrachial transverse vein.
    Length of the body 3½ lines; of the wings 7 lines.

  Singapore.


                     Subfam. HELOMYZIDES, _Fallen_.


                Gen. XARNUTA, n. g. (_Plate I. fig. 4._)

  _Helomyzæ_ affinis; _mas et fœm_. _Corpus_ sat latum. _Antennarum_
    articulus 3^{us} linearis; arista nuda. _Femora_ antica subtùs
    tenuiter spinosa. _Alæ_ latiusculæ.

  Allied to _Helomyza_. _Male and Female._ Body rather broad. Third
    joint of the antennæ linear, rounded at the tip; arista bare. Fore
    femora with slender spines. Wings somewhat broad; discal transverse
    vein slightly oblique, parted by much less than half its length from
    the border, and by about its length from the præbrachial transverse
    vein.


  95. XARNUTA LEUCOTELUS, n. s., mas et fœm. Ferrugineo-fulva, antennis
    testaceis, pedibus fulvis, alis nigro-fuscis apice albis, margine
    postico subcinereo.—Fœm. Abdominis apice nigro.

  _Male and Female._ Ferruginous tawny, with black bristles. Head rather
    paler. Antennæ testaceous; arista black. Legs tawny; fore femora
    with black spines beneath. Wings blackish-brown, greyish along the
    hind border for more than half the breadth and less than half the
    length from the base; extreme tips white; veins black. Alulæ whitish
    testaceous.

  _Female._ Tip of the abdomen black. Length of the body 3½ lines; of
    the wings 7 lines.

  Singapore.


                        Gen. HELOMYZA, _Fallen_.

  96. HELOMYZA INTEREUNS, n. s., mas. Fulva, capite metathorace pectore
    pedibusque testaceis, abdominis maculis transversis nigricantibus,
    tarsis ferrugineis, alis subcinereis apices versus et apud venam
    transversam discalem fuscis.

  _Male._ Tawny with black bristles. Head, metathorax, pectus, legs and
    halteres testaceous. Abdomen with a transverse blackish mark on the
    disk of each segment towards the tip. Tarsi somewhat ferruginous.
    Wings slightly greyish; tips brown, which hue is darkest in front;
    veins tawny, black towards the tips; transverse veins black. Discal
    transverse vein clouded with brown, parted by much less than its
    length from the border, and by much more than twice its length from
    the præbrachial transverse vein. Alulæ whitish. Length of the body
    2½ lines; of the wings 5 lines.

  Malacca.


  97. HELOMYZA EXEUNS, n. s., mas. Fulva, capite antico, metathorace
    pectore pedibusque testaceis, abdominis maculis transversis
    nigricantibus, tarsis ferrugineis apice fuscis, alis subcinereis
    maculâ apicibusque fuscis.

  Very nearly allied to _H. intereuns_. _Male._ Tawny. Head in front,
    metathorax, pectus, legs and halteres testaceous. Abdomen with a
    transverse blackish mark on the disk of each segment. Tarsi
    ferruginous, with black tips. Wings slightly greyish; tips brown;
    veins black, tawny at the base; a brown spot on the discal
    transverse vein, which is straight, slightly oblique, parted by less
    than its length from the border, and by about thrice its length from
    the discal transverse vein. Alulæ whitish. Length of the body 2¼
    lines; of the wings 4½ lines.

  Mount Ophir.


                      Subfam. LAUXANIDES, _Walk._


                         Gen. LAUXANIA, _Latr._

  98. LAUXANIA EUCERA, n. s., mas. Nigra cinereo-tomentosa, capite
    atrobiguttato, antennis piceis longissimis, aristâ albâ, abdomine
    pedibusque fulvis, femoribus tibiisque nigro-fasciatis, alis
    subcinereis apud costam subluridis.

  _Male._ Black, with greyish tomentum. Head with a deep black spot on
    each side between the eyes. Proboscis dull tawny. Palpi black.
    Antennæ piceous; 1st joint long; 3rd slender, cylindrical, longer
    than the 1st and the 2nd together; arista white, pubescent, longer
    than the 3rd joint. Abdomen and legs tawny; femora and tibiæ with
    black bands; tarsi with black tips. Wings greyish, slightly lurid
    along the costa; veins black; discal transverse vein straight,
    slightly oblique, parted by less than its length from the border,
    and by more than twice its length from the præbrachial transverse
    vein. Halteres tawny. Length of the body 2 lines; of the wings 4½
    lines.

  Singapore.


  99. LAUXANIA DETEREUNS, n. s., fœm. Nigra, nitens, antennis piceis,
    aristâ nigrâ, tarsis anticis basi tibiisque tarsisque posterioribus
    testaceis, alis subcinereis.

  _Female._ Black, shining, with black bristles. Antennæ piceous; 3rd
    joint elongate-conical, much shorter than that of _L. eucera_;
    arista black, pubescent, full thrice the length of the 3rd joint.
    Fore tarsi at the base and posterior tibiæ and tarsi testaceous.
    Wings slightly greyish; veins and halteres testaceous; discal
    transverse vein straight, almost upright, parted by almost its
    length from the border and by nearly twice its length from the
    præbrachial transverse vein. Length of the body 1¼ line; of the
    wings 3 lines.

  Mount Ophir, at the height of 4000 feet.


                        Gen. CELYPHUS, _Dalman_.

  100. Celyphus obtectus, _Dalman, Analecta Entomologica_, 32. 1. pl. 2.
    B. f. 1–5.

  Malacca. Inhabits also Hindostan and the Philippine Islands.


                     Subfam. ORTALIDES, _Haliday_.


                       Gen. LAMPROGASTER, _Macq._

  101. LAMPROGASTER ZONATA, n. s., fœm. Nigra, capite flavo nigro-vario,
    antennis piceis, thorace flavo-quadrivittato, abdomine
    flavo-bifasciato, tarsis albis, alis subcinereis maculis costalibus
    fasciâque fuscis.

  _Female._ Black, shining. Head pale yellow, with four black shining
    stripes in front; vertex, with a broad dull black stripe which
    occupies the whole breadth behind, is notched on each side between
    the eyes, and is narrower in front. Antennæ piceous; 3rd joint
    nearly linear, rounded at the tip; arista minutely plumose, more
    than twice the length of the 3rd joint. Thorax with four yellow
    stripes, one on each side in front of the wings, and one on each
    side of the scutum. Abdomen with two yellow bands; 1st slender; 2nd
    apical, dilated in the middle of the fore border; knees tawny; tarsi
    white, with blackish tips. Wings greyish, slightly lurid and with
    brown marks at the base and along the costa, and with a brown band
    which extends along the præbrachial vein to half the space between
    the latter and the border; discal transverse vein straight, upright,
    parted by about one-third of its length from the border, and by much
    more than its length from the præbrachial transverse, which is
    oblique. Halteres tawny. Length of the body 5 lines; of the wings 10
    lines.

  Singapore.


  102. LAMPROGASTER GLABRA, n. s., mas. Nigra, antennis piceis,
    abdominis fasciâ subapicali flavâ, tarsis albis, alis sublimpidis
    maculis basalibus fasciisque quatuor fuscis.

  _Male._ Black, shining. Antennæ piceous, in structure like those of
    _L. zonata_. Abdomen with a slender yellow band near the tip. Tarsi
    white, with black tips. Wings nearly limpid, with four brown bands,
    slightly testaceous and with some indistinct brown marks at the
    base; 1st and 3rd bands entire; 1st broader and darker than the
    others; 2nd and 4th interrupted; veins black, testaceous towards the
    base; discal transverse vein straight, upright, parted by one-fourth
    of its length from the border, and by more than its length from the
    præbrachial transverse vein, which is also upright. Halteres tawny.
    Length of the body 3 lines; of the wings 6 lines.

  Singapore.


  103. LAMPROGASTER TRANSVERSA, n. s., fœm. Nigra, capite fulvo fasciis
    duabus nigris unâque albidâ, antennis fulvis, thoracis vittis
    quatuor dorsalibus fulvis duabusque lateralibus albidis, abdomine
    nigro-purpureo basi fulvo maculisque duabus subapicalibus flavis,
    pedibus fulvis, tarsis albidis, alis subcinereis fusco sexfasciatis.

  _Female._ Black. Head tawny, with two black bands above and a whitish
    band in front. Antennæ tawny. Thorax with four dorsal tawny stripes
    which are confluent in front and with two lateral whitish stripes.
    Abdomen blackish-purple, tawny at the base, and with a yellow spot
    on each side near the tip which is lanceolate. Legs tawny; tarsi
    whitish, with black tips; hind tibiæ with brownish tips. Wings
    slightly greyish, with about six irregular macular brown bands;
    veins brown, tawny at the base; discal transverse vein nearly
    straight and upright, parted by much less than its length from the
    border, and by more than its length from the præbrachial transverse
    vein, which is oblique. Halteres testaceous. Length of the body 4
    lines; of the wings 8 lines.

  Malacca.


  104. LAMPROGASTER VITTATA, n. s., mas. Nigra, capite ex parte flavo,
    antennis fulvis, thorace flavo-bivittato, scutello flavo-marginato,
    abdominis vittâ dorsali flavâ, tarsis albis, alis nigricantibus basi
    fasciisque quatuor albidis.

  _Male._ Black, shining. Head pale yellow in front, beneath and about
    the eyes. Antennæ tawny. Thorax with two yellow stripes; scutellum
    with a yellow border. Pectus with an oblique yellow band on each
    side. Abdomen with a yellow dorsal stripe. Tarsi white, with black
    tips. Wings blackish, whitish at the base, and with four whitish
    bands; 1st band irregular; 2nd and 3rd entire; 4th interrupted;
    veins black; discal transverse vein straight, upright, parted by
    about one-fourth of its length from the border, and by much more
    than its length from the præbrachial transverse vein, which is
    slightly oblique. Halteres testaceous. Length of the body 3 lines;
    of the wings 6 lines.

  Singapore.


  105. LAMPROGASTER GUTTATA, n. s., fœm. Cinerea, capite nigro
    trimaculato anticè testaceo, antennis fulvis, thorace
    cano-quinquevittato, lateribus testaceis, abdominis fasciâ anticâ
    fulvâ, tarsis albidis, alis subcinereis fasciis octo subinterruptis
    fuscis.

  _Female._ Black, with cinereous tomentum. Head partly dull testaceous
    in front; vertex with three black spots, two in front and one
    behind. Antennæ tawny; arista pubescent. Thorax with five hoary
    stripes which are connected in front by a transverse band; sides
    testaceous. Pectus with an oblique dull testaceous stripe on each
    side. Abdomen with a tawny band on the hind border of the first
    segment; oviduct slender, lanceolate. Tarsi whitish, with black
    tips. Wings greyish, with about eight irregular and partly
    interrupted brown bands; veins and halteres testaceous; discal
    transverse vein nearly straight and upright, parted by about
    one-fourth of its length from the border, and by more than its
    length from the præbrachial transverse vein. Length of the body 3
    lines; of the wings 6 lines.

  Singapore.


  106. LAMPROGASTER TRUNCATULA, n. s., fœm. Nigra robusta, abdominis
    apice compresso lanceolato, tarsis albis, alis subcinereis lituris
    transversis fuscescentibus fasciisque duabus nigro-fuscis.

  _Female._ Black, stout, slightly shining. Arista pubescent. Abdomen
    compressed and lanceolate at the tip. Tarsi white, with black tips.
    Wings slightly greyish, with several slight transverse brownish
    marks, and with two blackish-brown bands; the 1st broad, basal, not
    extending beyond half the breadth from the costa; the 2nd narrow,
    entire, near the 1st; veins black; discal transverse vein straight
    and upright, parted by one-third of its length from the border, and
    by very much more than its length from the præbrachial transverse
    vein. Halteres testaceous. Length of the body 2½ lines; of the wings
    5 lines.

  Singapore.


               Gen. XANGELINA, n. g. (_Plate I. fig. 3._)

  _Fœm._ _Corpus_ latiusculum, parce setosum. _Caput_ antice
    subdilatatum; facies magna. _Antennæ_ breves; articulus 3^{us}
    longi-conicus; arista longa, gracilis, plumata. _Abdomen_
    brevi-ovatum, thorace non longius. _Pedes_ breviusculi. _Alæ_
    mediocriter latæ; venæ rectæ.

  _Female._ Body rather broad, with a few bristles. Head somewhat
    dilated in front; face large. Antennæ short; 3rd joint
    elongate-conical; arista long, slender, plumose. Abdomen short oval,
    not longer than the thorax. Legs rather short. Wings moderately
    broad; subcostal vein extending to about one-fourth of the length of
    the wing; mediastinal extending a little beyond the subcostal;
    radial ending at about seven-eighths of the length; cubital ending
    at the tip; cubital and præbrachial almost parallel beyond the
    discal transverse vein, which is straight and upright, and parted by
    very much more than its length from the præbrachial transverse, and
    by much less than its length from the border.


  107. XANGELINA BASIGUTTA, n. s., fœm. Testacea, scutello fusco,
    abdomine fulvo, alis subcinereis guttâ costali nigrâ venis
    transversis nigro-sublimbatis.

  _Female._ Testaceous. Proboscis partly brownish. Scutellum brown.
    Abdomen tawny. Wings slightly greyish; veins black; a black dot at
    the tip of the subcostal vein; transverse veins slightly clouded
    with black. Length of the body 2 lines; of the wings 4 lines.

  Malacca.


                            Gen. PLATYSTOMA.

  108. PLATYSTOMA RIGIDA, n. s., mas. Ferrugineo-fusca, capite subtùs
    albo, antennis piceis, pectore albido, pedibus nigris, alis
    nigricantibus albo confertim at interruptè guttatis.

  _Male._ Ferruginous-brown, tomentose. Head white behind and beneath,
    ferruginous and shining in front. Antennæ piceous; arista slightly
    plumose. Pectus whitish. Legs black. Wings blackish, thickly studded
    with white dots, which disappear at the base and on an undulating
    band beyond the middle; veins black. Length of the body 3 lines; of
    the wings 6 lines.

  Singapore.


  109. PLATYSTOMA STELLATA, n. s., mas. Cinereo-nigra, capite subtùs
    albido, antennis fulvis, facie abdominis apice pedibusque nigris
    nitentibus, alis obscurè cinereis guttis confertis at interruptis
    limpidis.

  _Male._ Cinereous-black, tomentose. Head shining black in front,
    whitish behind and beneath. Antennæ tawny. Abdomen shining black at
    the tip. Legs black and shining. Wings dark grey, with numerous
    limpid dots which are comparatively wanting on a blackish-brown
    stripe along two-thirds of the length of the costa, and on an
    exterior upright band which is connected with the above stripe.
    Length of the body 3 lines; of the wings 6 lines.

  Malacca.


                Gen. THEMARA, n. g. (_Plate I. fig. 5._)

  _Mas._ _Corpus_ latiusculum, subsetosum. _Caput_ thorace paullò
    angustius. _Antennæ_ epistoma non attingentes; articulus 3^{us}
    lanceolatus, longiusculus; arista latè plumosa. _Abdomen_
    ellipticum, thorace non longius. _Alæ_ latiusculæ, obscuræ, maculis
    pallidis, venis radiali et cubitali undulatis.

  _Male._ Body rather broad. Head and thorax slightly setose. Head a
    little less broad than the thorax; epistoma not prominent. Proboscis
    short. Palpi short, porrect. Antennæ not reaching the epistoma; 3rd
    joint lanceolate, rather long; arista deeply plumose, about twice
    the length of the 3rd joint. Abdomen elliptical, as long as the
    thorax. Wings rather broad, dark, with pale marks; subcostal vein
    ending at much beyond one-third of the length; mediastinal ending at
    much beyond half the length; radial undulating, ending at about
    five-sixths of the length; cubital undulating, ending at the tip of
    the wing; præbrachial and subanal hardly undulating; discal
    transverse vein straight, nearly upright, parted by one-tenth of its
    length from the border, and by more than half its length from the
    præbrachial transverse.


  110. THEMARA AMPLA, n. s., mas. Ferruginea, subtùs testacea, scutello,
    abdominis fusci fasciis tribus pedibusque testaceis, alis obscurè
    fuscis, maculis tribus anticis luridis tribusque posticis albis.

  _Male._ Ferruginous, slightly shining, testaceous beneath. Head in
    front and appendages testaceous. Scutellum and legs testaceous.
    Abdomen brown above, testaceous at the base and with two testaceous
    bands. Wings dark brown, with three hyaline triangular spots in
    front and three on the hind border; the costal spots lurid, the hind
    spots white. Length of the body 4 lines; of the wings 8 lines.

  Singapore.


               Gen. STRUMETA, n. g. (_Plate II. fig. 4._)

  _Fœm._ _Corpus_ latiusculum, pubescens, vix setosum. _Abdomen_
    brevi-ovatum, thorace latius et paullò longius. _Alæ_ mediocriter
    latæ, limpidæ, fasciis fuscis, venâ transversâ præbrachiali
    undulatâ, perobliquâ.

  _Female._ Body rather broad, dull, pubescent, hardly setose. Head
    rather less broad than the thorax; epistoma not prominent. Proboscis
    and palpi short. Antennæ mutilated in the insect here described.
    Abdomen short oval, broader and a little longer than the thorax.
    Wings moderately broad, limpid with brown bands; longitudinal veins
    almost straight; subcostal and mediastinal veins almost contiguous;
    mediastinal vein ending at much beyond half the length of the wing;
    radial ending at a little beyond four-fifths of the length; cubital
    ending at somewhat in front of the tip; discal transverse vein
    nearly straight and upright, parted by full one-fourth of its length
    from the border, and by about its length from the præbrachial
    transverse which is undulating and very oblique.


  111. STRUMETA CONFORMIS, n. s., fœm. Cervina, thoracis vittis duabus,
    metathorace et pectoris disco nigricantibus, pedibus testaceis, alis
    limpidis fusco-quadrifasciatis.

  _Female._ Fawn-colour. Thorax with two blackish stripes. Metathorax
    and disk of the pectus blackish. Legs and halteres testaceous. Wings
    limpid, pale brown along the costa, and with four pale brown bands;
    1st and 2nd bands connected hindward; veins black, testaceous
    towards the base. Length of the body 4 lines; of the wings 7 lines.

  Singapore.


                Gen. VALONIA, n. g. (_Plate I. fig. 6._)

  _Fœm._ _Corpus_ sat angustum, pubescens. _Caput_ anticè subdilatatum.
    _Antennæ_ breviusculæ; articulus 3^{us} longi-conicus; arista
    pubescens. _Abdomen_ fusiforme, thorace paullò longius. _Pedes_ sat
    robusti. _Alæ_ angustæ, obscuræ, maculis limpidis.

  Allied to _Platystoma_.—_Female._ Body rather narrow, dull, pubescent.
    Head as broad as the thorax, slightly dilated in front; epistoma not
    prominent. Proboscis and palpi short. Antennæ rather short, not
    reaching the epistoma; 3rd joint elongate-conical; arista pubescent.
    Abdomen fusiform, a little longer than the thorax. Legs rather
    stout, especially the hind pair. Wings narrow, dark with limpid
    spots; subcostal vein ending at before one-third of the length of
    the wing; mediastinal ending at much beyond half the length; radial
    ending at a little before three-quarters of the length; cubital and
    subanal hardly undulating, the former ending at a little in front of
    the tip of the wing; discal transverse vein straight and upright,
    parted by less than half its length from the border, and by a little
    less than its length from the præbrachial transverse.


  112. VALONIA COMPLICATA, n. s., fœm. Obscurè cinerea, capite testaceo,
    thorace nigro-punctato, abdomine guttis quatuor lateralibus albis
    tomentosis subtùs testaceo, pedibus fulvis, femoribus posterioribus
    tibiisque posticis nigris, alis subcinereis guttis plurimis
    limpidis.

  _Female._ Dark grey. Head and appendages testaceous. Thorax punctured
    with black; humeral calli black, shining. Abdomen with two white
    tomentous dots on each side; underside testaceous. Legs tawny;
    posterior femora black, with tawny tips; hind tibiæ blackish except
    at the base. Wings greyish, with very numerous limpid dots, blackish
    and without dots along more than half the length of the costa; veins
    black. Halteres testaceous. Length of the body 3 lines; of the wings
    5 lines.

  Malacca.


               Gen. SOPHIRA, n. g. (_Plate II. fig. 1._)

  _Fœm._ _Corpus_ sat angustum, pubescens. _Caput_ thorace paullò
    angustius. _Antennarum_ articulus 3^{us} longiusculus,
    sublanceolatus; arista plumosa. _Abdomen_ subfusiforme, apice
    attenuatum, thorace paullò longius. _Pedes_ graciles. _Alæ_
    longiusculæ, sat angustæ, venis limbatis.

  _Female._ Body rather narrow, dull, pubescent. Head a little less
    broad than the thorax; epistoma not prominent. Proboscis and palpi
    short. Antennæ not reaching the epistoma; 3rd joint rather long,
    sublanceolate; arista plumose. Abdomen subfusiform, somewhat
    attenuated at the tip, a little longer than the thorax. Legs
    slender. Wings rather long and narrow; subcostal vein ending at
    before one-third of the length of the wing; mediastinal ending at
    much beyond half the length; radial ending at about seven-eighths of
    the length; cubital ending at very little in front of the tip;
    discal transverse vein straight, hardly oblique, parted by
    one-fourth of its length from the border, and by very much more than
    its length from the præbrachial transverse.

  This genus seems to be somewhat allied to the _Helomyzides_.


  113. SOPHIRA VENUSTA, n. s., fœm. Testacea, thoracis fasciâ
    metathorace abdominisque fasciis tribus maculisque duabus
    subapicalibus nigris, tibiis fuscescentibus, alis limpidis venis
    fusco-limbatis.

  _Female._ Testaceous. Thorax with a black band between the wings.
    Metathorax black. Abdomen with three black bands, and with a black
    subapical spot on each side. Tibiæ brownish; tarsi tawny. Wings
    limpid, lurid in front, striped with brown along most of the veins;
    veins black, tawny towards the base; cubital vein minutely setose
    towards the base. Length of the body 4 lines; of the wings 8 lines.

  Singapore.


                Gen. RIOXA, n. g. (_Plate II. fig. 3._)

  _Fœm._ _Corpus_ angustum, pubescens. _Caput_ sat parvum, thorace multò
    angustius. _Antennarum_ articulus 3^{us} sublinearis; arista rarò
    plumosa. _Thorax_ longiovatus. _Abdomen_ fusiforme, thorace multò
    angustius, vix longius. _Pedes_ graciles, antici breves. _Alæ_
    longæ, mediocriter latæ, obscuræ, guttis albis.

  _Female._ Body narrow, dull, pubescent. Head rather small, much less
    broad than the thorax; epistoma not prominent. Proboscis and palpi
    short. Antennæ not reaching the epistoma; 3rd joint almost linear,
    moderately long; arista thinly plumose. Thorax elongate-oval.
    Abdomen fusiform, much narrower, but hardly longer than the thorax.
    Legs slender; fore legs short. Wings long, moderately broad, dark
    with white dots; radial vein ending at rather in front of the tip of
    the wing; discal transverse vein almost straight, very oblique,
    parted by about one-fourth of its length from the border, and by
    somewhat less than its length from the præbrachial transverse.


  114. RIOXA LANCEOLATA, n. s., fœm. Cervina, thorace
    nigro-quadrivittato, abdomine nigro vittâ dorsali cervinâ, pedibus
    testaceis, alis nigricantibus strigâ discali guttisque quinque
    albis.

  _Female._ Fawn-colour. Proboscis, legs and halteres testaceous. Thorax
    with two blackish stripes on each side, the outer pair shortened
    hindward. Abdomen black, with a fawn-coloured dorsal stripe which is
    attenuated hindward, and does not extend to the tip. Wings blackish,
    almost limpid along the hind border for more than half the length
    from the base, with a white discal streak and with five white dots;
    1st dot in a line with the streak; 2nd very minute, behind the 1st;
    3rd on the costa near the tip; 4th larger, apical, near the 5th,
    which is on the hind border. Length of the body 5 lines; of the
    wings 10 lines.

  Singapore.


                Gen. XIRIA, n. g. (_Plate II. fig. 2._)

  _Mas._ _Corpus_ metallicolor, subsetosum. _Caput_ latiusculum. _Palpi_
    longiusculi. _Antennæ_ breves; articulus 3^{us} sublinearis; arista
    latè pumosa. _Thorax_ robustus. _Abdomen_ lineare, thorace paullò
    longius et multò angustius. _Pedes_ longiusculi, sat validi. _Alæ_
    mediocriter longæ latæque.

  _Male._ Body metallic, slightly setose. Head rather broad, hardly
    narrower than the thorax; epistoma not prominent. Proboscis short.
    Palpi porrect, rather long and stout. Antennæ short, not nearly
    reaching the epistoma; 3rd joint almost linear; arista deeply
    plumose, much more than twice the length of the 3rd joint. Thorax
    stout. Abdomen linear, a little longer than the thorax and about
    half its breadth. Legs rather long and stout. Wings moderately long
    and broad; subcostal vein ending at rather beyond one-third of the
    length; mediastinal ending at very much beyond half the length;
    radial ending at beyond five-sixths of the length; cubital ending at
    hardly in front of the tip; discal transverse nearly straight,
    slightly oblique, parted by about half its length from the border,
    and by rather more than its length from the præbrachial transverse.


  115. XIRIA ANTICA, n. s., mas. Purpurea, capite nigro, antennarum
    articulo 3^o ferrugineo, pedibus testaceis, tibiis nigris, tarsis
    albis anticis ferrugineis, alis sublimpidis apice nigricantibus
    maculis costalibus albis et nigricantibus.

  _Male._ Purple. Head and appendages black. Third joint of the antennæ
    ferruginous. Legs testaceous; tibiæ black; fore tarsi ferruginous;
    posterior tarsi white, with brown tips. Wings nearly limpid, with
    two white and two blackish spots on the costa; tips blackish; veins
    black, testaceous along the costa. Halteres whitish. Length of the
    body 4 lines; of the wings 8 lines.

  Mount Ophir.


                       Subfam. ACHIIDES, _Walk._


                          Gen. ACHIAS, _Fabr._

  116. Achias maculipennis, _Westw._ _Oriental Entomology_, 38. pl. 18.
    f. 4. Singapore. Inhabits also Java.


                       Subfam. DIOPSIDES, _Walk._


                             Gen. DIOPSIS.

  117. DIOPSIS QUINQUEGUTTATA, n. s., fœm. Nigra, proboscide pedibusque
    fulvis, his ex parte fuscescentibus, alis nigricantibus basi apice
    guttisque quinque sublimpidis. (_Plate II. fig. 7._)

  _Female._ Black, shining. Proboscis tawny. Petioles of the eyes about
    half the length of the thorax. Scutellum with two spines, which are
    more than half the length of the thorax. Legs tawny, partly shaded
    with brown. Wings blackish, nearly limpid at the base and at the
    tips, and with two interrupted nearly limpid bands, the first of two
    dots, the second of three dots; veins black. Length of the body 3
    lines; of the wings 4½ lines.

  Mount Ophir.


  118. DIOPSIS QUADRIGUTTATA, n. s., mas. Picea, capite oculorun
    petiolis pedibusque fulvis, his ex parte fuscescentibus, alis
    nigricantibus basi fasciâ subapicali guttisque quatuor sublimpidis.
    (_Plate II. fig. 6._)

  _Male._ Piceous, shining. Head and petioles of the eyes tawny, the
    latter fully half the length of the thorax. Scutellum with two
    spines, which are less than half the length of the thorax. Legs
    tawny, slightly shaded with brown. Wings blackish, nearly limpid at
    the base and towards the tips, except the extreme part of the latter
    which is slightly blackish; two interrupted nearly limpid bands,
    each composed of two dots; veins black. Length of the body 2½ lines;
    of the wings 4 lines.

  Malacca.


                       Subfam. SEPSIDES, _Walk._


                         Gen. CALOBATA, _Fabr._

  119. CALOBATA CONFINIS, n. s., fœm. Nigra, capite cyaneo, antennis
    piceis, femoribus posterioribus albo-cinctis, tarsis anticis albis,
    alis subcinereis fasciis duabus connexis fuscis, 2^a apicali.

  _Female._ Black, dull. Head blue, shining. Proboscis and antennæ
    piceous. Posterior femora with a white ring near the tips; hind
    femora with a white ring at the base; fore tarsi white. Wings
    greyish, with two brown bands, the first connected on the hind
    border with the second, which is apical; veins black. Halteres
    whitish, with black knobs. Length of the body 7 lines; of the wings
    10 lines.

  Singapore and Mount Ophir.


  120. CALOBATA IMMIXTA, n. s., fœm. Nigra, capite cyanescente,
    facialibus atris, antennis piceis, pedibus testaceis anticis nigris,
    tarsis anticis albis, femoribus posterioribus fasciis quatuor
    nigris, alis subcinereis fasciis duabus subconnexis fuscescentibus,
    2^a apicali.

  _Female._ Black, dull. Head bluish, shining; facialia deep black.
    Proboscis and antennæ piceous. Legs testaceous; fore femora black,
    testaceous towards the base; fore tibiæ black; fore tarsi white;
    posterior femora with four black bands; posterior tibiæ; dull
    testaceous, black towards the base; posterior tarsi brownish. Wings
    slightly greyish, with two brownish bands, the first slightly
    connected on the hind border with the second which is apical; veins
    black. Length of the body 5 lines; of the wings 10 lines.

  Malacca.


                       Subfam. PSILIDES, _Walk._


                        Gen. MICROPEZA, _Macq._

  121. MICROPEZA FRAGILIS, n. s. Fulva, femoribus tibiisque anticis
    fuscis, tibiis posterioribus basi apiceque fuscis, tarsis anticis
    posticisque albidis, alis subcinereis guttis tribus apiceque
    limpidis.

  Tawny. Fore femora and fore tibiæ brown; posterior tibiæ brownish at
    the base and at the tips, fore tarsi and hind tarsi whitish. Wings
    very slightly greyish, with three limpid spots forming a curved band
    near the tips which are also limpid; veins black. Length of the body
    3½–4 lines; of the wings 5–6 lines.

  Singapore and Mount Ophir.


                          Gen. NERIUS, _Wied._

  122. Nerius fuscipennis, _Macq. Dipt. Exot._ ii. 3. 241. 1. pl. 325.
    f. 5.

  Singapore and Mount Ophir. Inhabits also Java and the Philippine
    Islands.


                Gen. TEXARA, n. g. (_Plate II. fig. 5._)

  _Fœm._ _Corpus_ gracile, non setosum. _Caput_ subproductum; facies
    brevis. _Antennæ_ epistoma attingentes; articulus 3^{us} clavatus;
    arista pubescens, subapicalis. _Thorax_ subfusiformis. _Abdomen_
    lanceolatum, thorace angustius et duplò longius. _Pedes_ postici
    longi, femoribus incrassatis serratis, tarsis anticis subdilatatis.
    _Alæ_ angustæ.

  _Female._ Body slender, without bristles. Head slightly produced, as
    broad as the thorax; face short; epistoma not prominent. Antennæ
    extending to the epistoma; third joint clavate; arista minutely
    pubescent, seated near the tip of the third joint. Thorax
    subfusiform. Abdomen lanceolate, narrower than the thorax and about
    twice its length. Anterior legs moderately long and stout; fore
    tarsi slightly dilated; hind legs long; hind femora incrassated,
    serrated beneath; hind tibiæ slightly curved. Wings narrow;
    subcostal vein not extending to one-third of the length of the wing;
    mediastinal vein not extending to half the length; radial extending
    to a little beyond three-quarters of the length; cubital ending at
    very little in front of the tip of the wing; discal transverse vein
    straight, upright, parted by less than its length from the border,
    and by about thrice its length from the præbrachial transverse.


  123. TEXARA COMPRESSA, n. s., fœm. Nigra, capite nigro-cyaneo subtùs
    cano, antennis piceis, aristâ albidâ, alis subcinereis, halteribus
    albidis.

  _Female._ Black. Head bluish-black, with hoary tomentum beneath.
    Antennæ piceous; arista whitish. Wings greyish; veins black.
    Halteres whitish. Length of the body 5 lines; of the wings 6 lines.

  Singapore.




                    DESCRIPTION OF PLATES I. AND II.


  _Obs._ All the figures are more or less magnified, and the
      outline-details comprise the side and front views of the head,
      antennæ, and base of the wings.


                                PLATE I.

    _Fig. 1._ _Massicyta bicolor_; 1_a_, head seen sideways; 1_b_, the
              head seen in front; 1_c_, antenna.

    _Fig. 2._ _Zambesa Ocypteroïdes_; 2_a_, head sideways; 2_b_, ditto
              in front; 2_c_, antenna.

    _Fig. 3._ _Xangelina basigutta_; 3_a_, head sideways; 3_b_, ditto in
              front; 3_c_, antenna; 3_d_, base of the wing.

    _Fig. 4._ _Xarnuta leucotelus_; 4_a_, head sideways; 4_b_, ditto in
              front; 4_c_, antenna; 4_d_, base of wing.

    _Fig. 5._ _Themara ampla_; 5_a_, head sideways; 5_b_, ditto in
              front; 5_c_, antenna; 5_d_, base of wing.

    _Fig. 6._ _Valonia complicata_; 6_a_, head sideways; 6_b_, ditto in
              front; 6_c_, antenna.


                               PLATE II.

    _Fig. 1._ _Sophira venusta_; 1_a_, head sideways; 1_b_, ditto in
              front; 1_c_, antenna.

    _Fig. 2._ _Xiria antica_; 2_a_, head sideways; 2_b_, ditto in front;
              2_c_, antenna.

    _Fig. 3._ _Rioxa lanceolata_; 3_a_, head sideways; 3_b_, ditto in
              front; 3_c_, antenna.

    _Fig. 4._ _Strumeta conformis_; 4_a_, head sideways; 4_b_, ditto in
              front.

    _Fig. 5._ _Texara compressa_; 5_a_, head sideways; 5_b_, ditto in
              front; 5_c_, antenna.

    _Fig. 6._ _Diopsis 4-guttata._

    _Fig. 7._ _Diopsis 5-guttata._

[Illustration:

  _Journ. Linn. Soc. Zoo. Vol. 1. pl. 38. t. 1._


  _Day & Son, Lith^{rs}. to The Queen._
]

[Illustration:

  _Journ. Linn. Soc. Zool. Vol. 1. pl. 38. t. 2._


  _Day & Son, Lith^{rs}. to The Queen._
]

------------------------------------------------------------------------




                          TRANSCRIBER’S NOTES


 1. Silently corrected obvious typographical errors and variations in
      spelling.
 2. Retained archaic, non-standard, and uncertain spellings as printed.
 3. Denoted superscripts by a caret before a single superscript
      character or a series of superscripted characters enclosed in
      curly braces, e.g. M^r. or M^{ister}.
 4. Enclosed italics font in _underscores_.

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK CATALOGUE OF THE DIPTEROUS
INSECTS COLLECTED AT SINGAPORE AND MALACCA ***

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the
United States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG™
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following
the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use
of the Project Gutenberg trademark. If you do not charge anything for
copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very
easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation
of derivative works, reports, performances and research. Project
Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away--you may
do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected
by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark
license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “Project
Gutenberg”), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg™ License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg™ electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg™
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg™ electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. “Project Gutenberg” is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg™ electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg™ electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg™
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation (“the
Foundation” or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg™
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg™ name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg™ License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg™ work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country other than the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg™ License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg™ work (any work
on which the phrase “Project Gutenberg” appears, or with which the
phrase “Project Gutenberg” is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you will have to check the laws of the country where
  you are located before using this eBook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase “Project
Gutenberg” associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg™
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg™ License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg™
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg™.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg™ License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg™ work in a format
other than “Plain Vanilla ASCII” or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg™ website
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original “Plain
Vanilla ASCII” or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg™ License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg™ works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works
provided that:

• You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg™ works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg™ trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, “Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation.”

• You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg™
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg™
  works.

• You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

• You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg™ works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg™ electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of
the Project Gutenberg™ trademark. Contact the Foundation as set
forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg™ collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg™
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain “Defects,” such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the “Right
of Replacement or Refund” described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg™ trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg™ electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you “AS-IS”, WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg™
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg™ work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg™ work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg™

Project Gutenberg™ is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg™'s
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg™ collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg™ and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org

Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's business office is located at 809 North 1500 West,
Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up
to date contact information can be found at the Foundation's website
and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg™ depends upon and cannot survive without
widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg™ electronic works

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg™ concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg™ eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg™ eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our website which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This website includes information about Project Gutenberg™,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
